<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Joey Bada$$</title>
        <link href="splash.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
        <!-- font links -->
        <link href="http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Rock+Salt|Slabo+27px" rel="stylesheet"
            type="text/css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="container">
            <!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml" -->
            <div id="projectbanner">
                <div class="headfont">
                    <h1 id="top">Project Methodology</h1>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div id="content">
                <div class="box">
                    <div class="headfont">
                        <h2 id="overview">Methodology Overview</h2>
                    </div>
                    <div class="bodyfont">
                        <p>The purpose of this project was to discover the ways in which Joey Bada$$
                            has grown as an artist since the release of his first mixtape to the
                            release of his first studio album. In determining how he has grown and
                            evolved, we have decided to look at three areas of study. The first area
                            of study is poetics; with this we hoped to see what poetic devises Joey
                            uses most prominently and if these devices changes over time. The second
                            area we looked at is linguistics, with this we tracked the use of
                            compounds and how/if they evolved as well as the use of African American
                            Vernacular English (AAVE) and how the use of the AAVE dialect changes as
                            he becomes more mainstream. Finally we looked at motifs, and how various
                            themes present themselves in various songs and projects as Joey
                            grows.</p>
                    </div>
                </div>
                <div class="box">
                    <div class="headfont">
                        <h2 id="ling">Linguistics</h2>
                    </div>
                    <div class="bodyfont">
                        <h3>African American Vernacular English (AAVE) Markup</h3>
                        <p>All AAVE markup has a field and a type attribute. The field attribute can
                            have one of two values, either “syn" for syntax or morphology markup or
                            “phon" for phonological or phonetic markup. The type attribute marks the
                            linguistic category that the text falls into. Below describes the type
                            tag and the tags that follow the tag depending on category:</p>
                        <h4>dropping:</h4>
                        <p>This attribute is used when a sound is dropped from a word. For example,
                            the word somthin’ would be tagged as <code><AAVE field="phon"
                                    type="dropping" sound="g" position="initial"
                                >somthin’</AAVE></code>. The tag also includes a sound attribute
                            that describes the sound that is being dropped as well as the position
                            of that sound.</p>
                        <h4>tense:</h4>
                        <p>This attribute is used when the wrong tense is used in a phrase. For
                            instance ‘We wasn’t on the grind’ would be tagged as <code>We <AAVE
                                    field="syn" type="tense" person="first plural">wasn't</AAVE>on
                                the grind</code>. This is accompanied by the attribute person which
                            is marked as the person that the word should be, in this case first
                            person plural.</p>
                        <h4>deletion:</h4>
                        <p>This attribute is used when a word is deleted from a sentence. It is like
                            dropping but on a sentence level. The tag is typically used for copula
                            deletion (the deletion of to be words) and is always an empty tag that
                            looks like this <code><AAVE field="syn" type="deletion" class="copula"
                                ></AAVE></code>. It is accompanied by the class attribute which
                            describes the word class of the missing word. It can be one of the
                            following: "copula", "preposition", "auxiliary", "to", "object".</p>
                        <h4>aspect:</h4>
                        <p>This attribute is used when a phrase uses tense/aspect in a manner that
                            is different than Standard American English (SAE) The tag is typically
                            used as follows: <textarea><AAVE field="syn" type="aspect" tense="habitual"
                                    >sounds been profound</AAVE></code>. This attribute is
                            accompanied by the tense attribute which describes one of the tenses
                            used, which are described below: TABLE</p>
                        <h4>negative</h4>
                        <p>This attribute is used when there is a double negative or a negative
                            concord. This is commonly seen in phrases like <code>‘Cause it <AAVE
                                    field="syn" type="negative">ain’t no fun if the homies don’t get
                                    none</AAVE></code>. This has no accompanying attributes</p>
                        <h4>contraction</h4>
                        <p>This attribute is used when a word is contracted that
                            is abnormal to SAE. This means that words like ‘it’s’ will not be tagged
                            by words like ‘tryna’ will be tagged. The tag looks like <code><AAVE
                                    field="phon" type="contraction" word1="trying" word2="to"
                                    >tryna</AAVE></code>. The attribute is accompanied with the
                            word1, word2, and an optional word3 attribute. These describe the
                            non-concatenated words.</p>
                    </div>
                </div>
                <div class="box">
                    <div class="headfont">
                        <h2 id="motif">Motifs</h2>
                    </div>
                    <div class="bodyfont">
                        <p>This will contain info on Motif markup</p>
                    </div>
                </div>
                <div class="box">
                    <div class="headfont">
                        <h2 id="poetry">Poetry</h2>
                    </div>
                    <div class="bodyfont">
                        <p>This will contain info on Poetry markup</p>
                    </div>
                </div><!-- ends box -->
            </div><!-- ends content -->
        </div><!-- ends container -->
    </body>
</html>
