<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Joey Bada$$</title>
        <link href="splash.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
        <!-- font links -->
        <link href="http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Rock+Salt|Slabo+27px" rel="stylesheet"
            type="text/css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="container">
            <!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml" -->
            <div id="methodbanner">
                <div class="headfont">
                    <h1 id="top">Project Methodology</h1>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div id="content">
                <div class="box">
                    <div class="headfont">
                        <h2 id="overview">Methodology Overview</h2>
                    </div>
                    <div class="leftfont">
                        <p>The purpose of this project was to discover the ways in which Joey Bada$$
                            has grown as an artist since the release of his first mixtape to the
                            release of his first studio album. In determining how he has grown and
                            evolved, we have decided to look at three areas of study. The first area
                            of study is poetics; with this we hoped to see what poetic devises Joey
                            uses most prominently and if these devices changes over time. The second
                            area we looked at is linguistics, with this we tracked the use of
                            compounds and how/if they evolved as well as the use of African American
                            Vernacular English (AAVE) and how the use of the AAVE dialect changes as
                            he becomes more mainstream. Finally we looked at motifs, and how various
                            themes present themselves in various songs and projects as Joey
                            grows.</p>
                    </div>
                </div>
                <div class="box">
                    <div id="ling">
                        <div class="headfont">
                            <h2>Linguistics</h2>
                        </div>
                        <div class="leftfont">
                            <h3>African American Vernacular English (AAVE) Markup</h3>
                            <p>All AAVE markup has a field and a type attribute. The field attribute
                                can have one of two values, either “syn" for syntax or morphology
                                markup or “phon" for phonological or phonetic markup. The type
                                attribute marks the linguistic category that the text falls into.
                                Below describes the type tag and the tags that follow the tag
                                depending on category:</p>
                            <h4>dropping:</h4>
                            <p>This attribute is used when a sound is dropped from a word. For
                                example, the word somthin’ would be tagged as <code><AAVE
                                        field="phon" type="dropping" sound="g" position="initial"
                                        >somthin’</AAVE></code>. The tag also includes a sound
                                attribute that describes the sound that is being dropped as well as
                                the position of that sound.</p>
                            <h4>tense:</h4>
                            <p>This attribute is used when the wrong tense is used in a phrase. For
                                instance ‘We wasn’t on the grind’ would be tagged as <code>We <AAVE
                                        field="syn" type="tense" person="first plural">wasn't</AAVE>
                                    on the grind</code>. This is accompanied by the attribute person
                                which is marked as the person that the word should be, in this case
                                first person plural.</p>
                            <h4>deletion:</h4>
                            <p>This attribute is used when a word is deleted from a sentence. It is
                                like dropping but on a sentence level. The tag is typically used for
                                copula deletion (the deletion of to be words) and is always an empty
                                tag that looks like this <code><AAVE field="syn" type="deletion"
                                        class="copula"></AAVE></code>. It is accompanied by the
                                class attribute which describes the word class of the missing word.
                                It can be one of the following: "copula", "preposition",
                                "auxiliary", "to", "object".</p>
                            <h4>aspect:</h4>
                            <p>This attribute is used when a phrase uses tense/aspect in a manner
                                that is different than Standard American English (SAE) The tag is
                                typically used as follows: <code><AAVE field="syn" type="aspect"
                                        tense="habitual">sounds been profound</AAVE></code>. This
                                attribute is accompanied by the tense attribute which describes one
                                of the tenses used, which are described below: TABLE</p>
                            <h4>negative</h4>
                            <p>This attribute is used when there is a double negative or a negative
                                concord. This is commonly seen in phrases like <code>‘Cause it <AAVE
                                        field="syn" type="negative">ain’t no fun if the homies don’t
                                        get none</AAVE></code>. This has no accompanying
                                attributes</p>
                            <h4>contraction</h4>
                            <p>This attribute is used when a word is contracted that is abnormal to
                                SAE. This means that words like ‘it’s’ will not be tagged by words
                                like ‘tryna’ will be tagged. The tag looks like <code><AAVE
                                        field="phon" type="contraction" word1="trying" word2="to"
                                        >tryna</AAVE></code>. The attribute is accompanied with the
                                word1, word2, and an optional word3 attribute. These describe the
                                non-concatenated words.</p>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </div>
                <div class="box">
                    <div id="motif">
                        <div class="headfont">
                            <h2>Motifs</h2>
                        </div>
                        <div class="leftfont">
                            <p>This will contain info on Motif markup</p>
                        </div></div>
                </div>
                <div class="box">
                    <div id="poetry">
                        <div class="headfont">
                            <h2>Poetry</h2>
                        </div>
                        <div class="leftfont">
                            <h3>Poetic Devices</h3>
                            <p>Joey Bada$$ employs a number of poetic devices throughout his lyrics,
                                the six devices that this project is concerned with are as follows,
                                alliteration, assimilation, assonance, consonance,rhyme, and slant
                                rhyme. Prior to delving into the criteria for each of the six
                                devices, it should be noted that the process of interpreting poetic
                                devices is not an exact science. Unfortunately, as with any other
                                type of interpretation of data, there may be cases in which
                                arguments could be made in favor of an alternative label for a given
                                poetic device. This possibility of differing interpretations can be
                                largely attributed to the manner in which one hears a rappers
                                "delivery" of their lyrics (voice inflection, stressing of
                                particular syllables, etc.). However, listening to a given rappers
                                flow still allows one to interpret and categorize the type of poetic
                                device used more accurately than simply reading the lyrics
                                online.</p>
                            <h4>Alliteration:</h4>
                            <p>A poetic device in which there is a repetition of the first consonant
                                in a series of multiple words. e.g. "pride is higher than the prices
                                on your Pradas"</p>
                            <h4>Assimilation:</h4>
                            <p>A poetic device in which one word becomes more phonologically similar
                                to at least one other word, esentially the rappers delivery of the
                                words produces a transformation in which the previously dissimilar
                                words not seem to rhyme. e.g. And I know the landlord fed up with
                                our lies<br /> So we pray to the Gods, the Jahs, and the
                                Allahs<br /> To keep us safe and watch our lives.<br /></p>
                            <h4>Assonance:</h4>
                            <p>A poetic device in which words near each other have a repetition of a
                                vowel in nonrhyming stressed syllables. e.g. Tend this racket while
                                I'm cracking a Serena.</p>
                            <h4>Consonance:</h4>
                            <p>A poetic device in which words near each other have a repetition of a
                                consonants in nonrhyming stressed syllables. e.g. Show's too turnt
                                out return home burnt out</p>
                            <h4>Rhyme:</h4>
                            <p>A poetic device in which there is a correspondence of sound between
                                words or the endings of words. e.g.I know she always think of little
                                me, but now I got big literally<br /> Worldwide and physically<br />
                                I'm saying I used to take walks around Little Italy<br /> Now I roam
                                'round Sicily<br /> And I'm plotting on a milli<br /></p>
                            <h4>Slant Rhyme:</h4>
                            <p>A poetic device in which a rhyme is formed by words with similar but
                                not identical sounds. Typically, either the vowels are different
                                while the consonants are identical, or the consonants are different
                                while the vowels are identical. e.g. But it's definite I spit more
                                than speech impediments<br /> Brooklyn's the residence, the best and
                                it's evident<br /></p>
                            <h4>Example Poetic Markup:</h4>
                            <code><li>It's all a <group label="a" num="1" alliteration="2"
                                        >hidden</group>
                                    <group label="a" num="2" alliteration="1" rhyme="3 4 6"
                                        >history</group>, and <group label="a" num="3" rhyme="2 4 6"
                                        >mysteries</group></li><br />
                                <li>I see <group label="a" num="4" rhyme="2 3 6">vividly</group>,
                                        <group label="a" num="5" slantRhyme="7"
                                    >hysteria</group></li><br />
                                <li>Cause <group label="a" num="6" rhyme="2 3 4">misery</group> on
                                    the <group label="a" num="7" slantRhyme="5" rhyme="8 9 11"
                                        >interior</group></li><br />
                                <li>Shit gets more <group label="a" num="8" rhyme="7 9 11"
                                        >scarier</group>, I'm <group label="a" num="9"
                                        rhyme="7 8 11">never</group>
                                    <group label="a" num="10" assimilation="11">in fear</group></li><br />
                                <li>Just a little <group label="a" num="11" assimilation="10"
                                        rhyme="7 8 9">inferior</group> in <group label="a" num="12"
                                        assimilation="14">some areas</group></li><br />
                                <li>But I <group label="a" num="13" rhyme="15">share</group>, wisdom
                                    with <group label="a" num="14" assimilation="12"
                                            ><oldschool>Sumerians</oldschool></group></li><br />
                                <li><group label="a" num="15" rhyme="13">Somewhere</group> we in the
                                    place</li><br /></code>
                        </div></div>
                </div><!-- ends box -->
            </div><!-- ends content -->
        </div><!-- ends container -->
    </body>
</html>
