<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
   <head>
      <!--   https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference solution for the embeds I think   -->
      <title>Joey Bada$$</title>
      <link href="../css/splash.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
      <link href="http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Rock+Salt|Slabo+27px"
            rel="stylesheet"
            type="text/css"/>
      <script type="text/javascript" src="../js/textview.js">//</script>
   </head>
   <body>
      <form>
         <label><input id="overall" name="cssRadio" type="radio" data-href="css_file"/>overall</label>
         <label><input id="poetic" name="cssRadio" type="radio" data-href="css_file"/>poetic</label>
         <label><input id="ling" name="cssRadio" type="radio" data-href="css_file"/>linguistic</label>
         <label><input id="motif" name="cssRadio" type="radio" data-href="css_file"/>motif</label>
      </form>
      <div id="meta"><p id="dropping">This attribute is used when a sound is dropped from a word. For
         example, the word somthin’ would be tagged as <code>&lt;AAVE
            field="phon" type="dropping" sound="g" position="initial"
            &gt;somthin’&lt;/AAVE&gt;</code>. The tag also includes a sound
         attribute that describes the sound that is being dropped as well as
         the position of that sound.</p>
         <p id="tense">This attribute is used when the wrong tense is used in a phrase. For
            instance ‘We wasn’t on the grind’ would be tagged as <code>We
               &lt;AAVE field="syn" type="tense" person="first
               plural"&gt;wasn't&lt;/AAVE&gt; on the grind</code>. This is
            accompanied by the attribute person which is marked as the person
            that the word should be, in this case first person plural.</p>
         <p id="deletion">This attribute is used when a word is deleted from a sentence. It is
            like dropping but on a sentence level. The tag is typically used for
            copula deletion (the deletion of to be words) and is always an empty
            tag that looks like this <code>&lt;AAVE field="syn" type="deletion"
               class="copula"/AAVE&gt;</code>. It is accompanied by the class
            attribute which describes the word class of the missing word. It can
            be one of the following: "copula", "preposition", "auxiliary", "to",
            "object".</p>
         <p id="aspect">This attribute is used when a phrase uses tense/aspect in a manner
            that is different than Standard American English (SAE) The tag is
            typically used as follows: <code>&lt;AAVE field="syn" type="aspect"
               tense="habitual"&gt;sounds been profound&lt;/AAVE&gt;</code>.
            This attribute is accompanied by the tense attribute which describes
            one of the tenses used, which are described below: TABLE</p>
         <p id="negative">This attribute is used when there is a double negative or a negative
            concord. This is commonly seen in phrases like <code>‘Cause it
               &lt;AAVE field="syn" type="negative"&gt;ain’t no fun if the
               homies don’t get none&lt;/AAVE&gt;</code>. This has no
            accompanying attributes</p>
         <p id="contraction">This attribute is used when a word is contracted that is abnormal to
            SAE. This means that words like ‘it’s’ will not be tagged by words
            like ‘tryna’ will be tagged. The tag looks like <code>&lt;AAVE
               field="phon" type="contraction" word1="trying" word2="to"
               &gt;tryna&lt;/AAVE&gt;</code>. The attribute is accompanied with
            the word1, word2, and an optional word3 attribute. These describe
            the non-concatenated words.</p>
         <p id="alcohol"> References to:
            brands of alcohol, consumption of alcohol, drinking games, effects
            of alcohol, and colloquial terms for types of alcohol. Example:
            <code>&lt;alcohol&gt;Moet&lt;/alcohol&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="criticism"> Criticism of the rap game and
            of phony rappers. Example: <code>&lt;criticism&gt;Slipping like
               fishes, choking when you hit the cypher&lt;/criticism&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="drugs"> References to: drugs, the use and sale
            of drugs, and users of drugs. Marijuana is not included in this
            category. Example: <code>&lt;drugs&gt;the crack, they
               overdose&lt;/drugs&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="fashion"> References to fashion designers and
            brands, as well as references to articles of clothing. Example:
            <code>&lt;fashion&gt;lo, like Ralph&lt;/fashion&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="food"> Any mention of food, in any form. Also,
            mentions of consumption of food. Example:
            <code>&lt;food&gt;kiwi&lt;/food&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="geo"> All
            references to geographical locations, whether explicit or implicit.
            The ref attribute contains the official name of the reference, due
            to the fact that some references are nicknames or abbreviations.
            Example: <code>&lt;geo ref="Brooklyn"&gt;Brooklyn&lt;/geo&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="guns"> References to guns, both direct and
            indirect. Example: <code>&lt;guns&gt;the heater&lt;/guns&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="haters"> This tag denotes those who do not
            enjoy Joey's music or who do not support him. Also refers to those
            who are only interested in being around Joey due to his fame and
            fortune. Example: <code>&lt;haters&gt;Closed-minded
               men&lt;/haters&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="hiphop"> The hip hop tag always refers to a
            rapper or rap group, but these references occur in several ways:
            directly referencing a song or artist name (this example refers to a
            song by rapper Rick Ross entitled BMF: Blowing Money Fast); Example:
            <code>&lt;hiphop ref="RickRoss"&gt;BMF like Ross
               man&lt;/hiphop&gt;</code> indirectly referencing a figure in hip
            hop using symbolism and figurative language (this example refers to
            Joey's hip hop collective Pro Era, which has 47 closeknit members);
            Example: <code>&lt;hiphop ref="ProEra"&gt;47 friends in my
               circumference&lt;/hiphop&gt;</code> and references to figures in
            hip hop by quoting or paraphrasing another rapper's raps (this
            example shows Joey rapping lyrics from Jay-Z's Song Cry). Example:
            <code>&lt;hiphop ref="Jay-Z"&gt;I couldn't see it coming down my
               eye&lt;/hiphop&gt;</code>
            <br/>
            <code>&lt;hiphop
               ref="Jay-Z"&gt;So I hat to make the song
               cry&lt;/hiphop&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="history"> This tag denotes a reference to a
            historical event or figure (including figures in ancient mythology).
            Example: <code>&lt;history&gt;Underground
               Railroad&lt;/history&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="money"> This tag is used to mark any references
            to money, divided into two qualifications, pursuit of money and
            possession of money. example of pursuit of money: Example:
            <code>&lt;money qual="pursuit"&gt;plotting on that
               dime&lt;/money&gt;</code> example of possession of money:
            Example: <code>&lt;money qual="possession"&gt;pockets
               healthy&lt;/money&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="oldschool"> This tag marks a reference or
            phrase indicating that Joey is talking about things that invoke
            nostalgia and hearken back to past times. Example:
            <code>&lt;oldschool&gt;back in the days&lt;/oldschool&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="popculture"> The popculture tag denotes a
            reference to a pop culture entity, whether blatantly: Example:
            <code>&lt;popculture
               ref="Twitter"&gt;Twitter&lt;/popculture&gt;</code> or
            indirectly: Example: <code>&lt;popculture ref="JackSparrow"&gt;jack
               the booty like I'm Sparrow&lt;/popculture&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="power"> The power tag marks figures and ideas
            that have power/control in society, such as police: Example:
            <code>&lt;power&gt;jakes&lt;/power&gt;</code> or racism:
            Example: <code>&lt;power&gt;Jim Crow Laws&lt;/power&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="religion"> The religion tag here is
            reflective of the spiritual beliefs found in the lyrics of our
            corpus. In some cases this refers to Christian ideas: Example:
            <code>&lt;religion&gt;God bless the
               heaven&lt;/religion&gt;</code> while in other cases this tag
            marks references to third eye spiritualism: Example:
            <code>&lt;religion&gt;on some third eye
               shit&lt;/religion&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="sex"> This tag marks references to a sexual act,
            whether tacit and blatant. Example:
            <code>&lt;sex&gt;bacchanalian&lt;/sex&gt;</code> This example,
            bacchanalian, is a word for 'drunken orgy' that comes from an
            ancient Greek festival celebrating Bacchus, god of wine. </p>
         <p id="sports"> This tag marks all sports references. The
            sports tag can refer to an athlete or sports figure: Example:
            <code>&lt;sports&gt;Al Pujols&lt;/sports&gt;</code> as well as
            to general sports-related terms and objects: Example:
            <code>&lt;sports&gt;hoops&lt;/sports&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="struggle"> The purpose of this tag is to
            indicate any raps that talk about the difficulties of life at
            various stages of life and wealth. Example:
            <code>&lt;struggle&gt;And I'm from the blocks where they
               sell&lt;/struggle&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="success"> This tag indicates either Joey's
            pursuit of or possession of success. This comes in a variety of
            colorful expressions that are all quite varied. an example of
            possession of success is the boast: Example: <code>&lt;success
               qual="possession"&gt;I'm killin' this
               shit&lt;/success&gt;</code> while an example of pursuit of
            success is the statement that Joey will continue to work hard until
            he gets to the point where he is famous enough to be on Jay-Z's
            radar, and wealthy enough to afford to purchase a Range Rover for
            his mother. Example: <code>&lt;success qual="pursuit"&gt;Won't stop
               'til I meet Hova and my momma's in a
               Rover&lt;/success&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="violence"> The violence tag is used to
            denote any indication of violent behavior, both from Joey and his
            people and simply generally in the hood. Example:
            <code>&lt;violence&gt;Rip your lips off your
               mouth&lt;/violence&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="weed"> This tag is used to mark any instance
            where Joey discusses marijuana-related activities. Example:
            <code>&lt;weed&gt;exotic piff&lt;/weed&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="women"> This tag marks references to women, and
            is divided into two groups using qualifiers positive and negative,
            which label the connotation of the marked word or phrase. an example
            of women negative: Example: <code>&lt;women
               qual="neg"&gt;bitches&lt;/women&gt;</code> an example of women
            positive: Example: <code>&lt;women
               qual="pos"&gt;Mama&lt;/women&gt;</code>
         </p>
         <p id="alliteration">A poetic device in which there is a repetition of the first consonant in
            a series of multiple words.<br/> e.g. "<em>pride</em> is higher than
            the <em>prices</em> on your <em>Pradas</em>"</p>
         <p id="assimilation">A poetic device in which one word becomes more phonologically similar to
            at least one other word, esentially the rappers delivery of the words
            produces a transformation in which the previously dissimilar words now
            seem to rhyme.<br/> e.g. And I know the landlord fed up with <em>our
               lies</em>
            <br/> So we pray to the Gods, the Jahs, and the
            <em>Allahs</em>
            <br/> To keep us safe and watch <em>our
               lives</em>.<br/>
         </p>
         <p id="assonance">A poetic device in which words near each other have a repetition of a
            vowel in nonrhyming stressed syllables.<br/> e.g. Tend this
            <em>racket</em> while I'm <em>cracking</em> a Serena.</p>
         <p id="consonance">A poetic device in which words near each other have a repetition of a
            consonants in nonrhyming stressed syllables.<br/> e.g. Show's
            <em>too</em>
            <em>turnt</em>
            <em>out</em>
            <em>return</em> home <em>burnt</em>
            <em>out</em>
         </p>
         <p id="rhyme">A poetic device in which there is a correspondence of sound between words
            or the endings of words.<br/> e.g. I know she always think of little
            me, but now I got big <em>literally</em>
            <br/> Worldwide and
            <em>physically</em>
            <br/> I'm saying I used to take walks around
            <em>Little Italy</em>
            <br/> Now I roam 'round <em>Sicily</em>
            <br/>
            And I'm plotting on a <em>milli</em>
            <br/>
         </p>
         <p id="slantrhyme">A poetic device in which a rhyme is formed by words with similar but not
            identical sounds. Typically, either the vowels are different while the
            consonants are identical, or the consonants are different while the
            vowels are identical.<br/> e.g. But it's <em>definite</em> I spit more
            than speech <em>impediments</em>
            <br/> Brooklyn's the
            <em>residence</em>, the best and it's <em>evident</em>
            <br/>
         </p></div>
      <h1 class="headfont">1999</h1>
      <h2 id="top" class="headfont">Track List</h2>
      <ul>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e5562">
                  <q>Daily Routine</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e6858">
                  <q>Don't Front</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e987">
                  <q>Fromdatomb$</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e4932">
                  <q>Funky Ho'$</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e2959">
                  <q>Hardknock</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e2386">
                  <q>Killuminati</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e4494">
                  <q>Pennyroyal</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e7639">
                  <q>Righteous Minds</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e6136">
                  <q>Snakes</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e21">
                  <q>Summer Knights</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e1594">
                  <q>Survival Tactics</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e9196">
                  <q>Suspect</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e226">
                  <q>Waves</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e8498">
                  <q>Where It'$ At</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
         <li>
            <div class="bodyfont">
               <a href="#d1e4057">
                  <q>World Domination</q> ft. </a>
            </div>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <hr/>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e21">Summer Knights</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/DZ76Jc-wMzE"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
            And that’s all people wanna see truthfully<br/>
            Don't stop it Pat, just keep it <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">runnin'</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>And that’s all people wanna see truthfully<br/>Don't stop it Pat, just keep it <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">runnin'</span>
               <br/>
            It's been a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2 3 4">minute</span>
                    since they seen a style with no <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1 3 4">gimmicks</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Clouds is they <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="1 2 4">limits</span>
                    <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">cause</span> we
                    in <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">'em</span>,
                        <span class="motif" data-type="weed">eyes low</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="1 2 3">Squinted</span>, more <span class="motif" data-type="weed">L's</span>
                but <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="6">we</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="5">winning</span>
               </span>, acting like
                it's<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assimilation="8 9">Hard to find
                            <span class="motif" data-type="women">women</span>
                  </span> when I'm in these <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="7 9">hard-to-find
                linens</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Remember those days it was <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="9"
                        data-assimilation="7 8"
                        data-rhyme="10">hard to find a living</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            But now we got <span class="motif" data-type="money">ends</span>, and it's only the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="10"
                     data-rhyme="9"
                     data-slantrhyme="11">beginning</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Big <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="10">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">pimpin'</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="women">fooling dimes, rob <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">'em</span> for
                    they <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="3">innocence</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="money">Cake like <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">Entenmann's</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, flow sweet like <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="1" data-rhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">cinnamon</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            He a child, but they treat him like a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="3 5 7">bigger
                    man</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> when
                the pen in his <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="3 6">hand</span>, they big
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> up
                like he <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-rhyme="1 5 7"
                     data-slantrhyme="2 6">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Jigga man</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Know you see him in the mirror <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-repetition="11"
                     data-rhyme="6 8 9 13">fam</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="haters">the ones</span> who say<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">You ain't hot be your biggest <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="1 3 7">fan</span> like, "<span class="poetics"
                        data-num="6"
                        data-rhyme="4 8 9 13"
                        data-slantrhyme="2 3">Nigga, damn</span>."</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Before he got popular</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="success">he been the <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="1 3 5">man</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            With <span class="motif" data-type="women">your chick</span> in the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="4 6 9 13">cam</span>, rolling through an <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-consonance="10"
                     data-rhyme="4 6 8 13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Instagram</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Got a <span class="motif" data-type="money">whiff of <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-consonance="9">grands</span>
               </span>, now <span class="motif" data-type="haters">everybody say they distant <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-repetition="4">fam</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Know <span class="motif" data-type="haters">the haters still <span class="motif" data-type="food">jelly</span>
               </span>, but fuck it though;
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-repetition="14">it's the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="4 6 8 9">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">jam</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-repetition="12">It's the <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">fuckin'</span> jam</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>It's been a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2 3 4">minute</span>
                    since they seen a style with no <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1 3 4">gimmicks</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Clouds is they <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="1 2 4">limits</span>
                    <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">cause</span> we
                    in <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">'em</span>,
                        <span class="motif" data-type="weed">eyes low</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="1 2 3">Squinted</span>, more <span class="motif" data-type="weed">L's</span>
                but <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="6">we</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="5">winning</span>
               </span>, acting like
                it's<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assimilation="8 9">Hard to find
                            <span class="motif" data-type="women">women</span>
                  </span> when I'm in these <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="7 9">hard-to-find
                linens</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Remember those days it was <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="9"
                        data-assimilation="7 8"
                        data-rhyme="10">hard to find a living</span>
               </span>
               <br/>But now we got <span class="motif" data-type="money">ends</span>, and it's only the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="10"
                     data-rhyme="9"
                     data-slantrhyme="11">beginning</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Big <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="10">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">pimpin'</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="women">fooling dimes, rob <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">'em</span> for
                    they <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="3">innocence</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="money">Cake like <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">Entenmann's</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, flow sweet like <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="1" data-rhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">cinnamon</span>
               </span>
               <br/>He a child, but they treat him like a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="3 5 7">bigger
                    man</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> when
                the pen in his <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="3 6">hand</span>, they big
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> up
                like he <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-rhyme="1 5 7"
                     data-slantrhyme="2 6">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Jigga man</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Know you see him in the mirror <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-repetition="11"
                     data-rhyme="6 8 9 13">fam</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="haters">the ones</span> who say<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">You ain't hot be your biggest <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="1 3 7">fan</span> like, "<span class="poetics"
                        data-num="6"
                        data-rhyme="4 8 9 13"
                        data-slantrhyme="2 3">Nigga, damn</span>."</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Before he got popular</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="success">he been the <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="1 3 5">man</span>
               </span>
               <br/>With <span class="motif" data-type="women">your chick</span> in the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="4 6 9 13">cam</span>, rolling through an <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-consonance="10"
                     data-rhyme="4 6 8 13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Instagram</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Got a <span class="motif" data-type="money">whiff of <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-consonance="9">grands</span>
               </span>, now <span class="motif" data-type="haters">everybody say they distant <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-repetition="4">fam</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Know <span class="motif" data-type="haters">the haters still <span class="motif" data-type="food">jelly</span>
               </span>, but fuck it though;
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-repetition="14">it's the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="4 6 8 9">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">jam</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-repetition="12">It's the <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">fuckin'</span> jam</span>
               <br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e226">Waves</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300" height="300" src="www.youtube.com/embed/PUfcw5YBrSE"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
            Yeah<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">You remember back in the <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">days</span>
               </span> when niggas used to rock <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">waves</span>
               </span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-repetition="4 5">shit</span>?<br/>
            When like... Yo, <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">I had the fucking 360s</span>, my nigga<br/>
            Like, <span class="motif" data-type="haters">nobody in the hood was fucking with my <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-repetition="3 5">shit</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And that's real <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-repetition="3 4">shit</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Yeah<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">You remember back in the <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">days</span>
               </span> when niggas used to rock <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">waves</span>
               </span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-repetition="4 5">shit</span>?<br/>When like... Yo, <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">I had the fucking 360s</span>, my nigga<br/>Like, <span class="motif" data-type="haters">nobody in the hood was fucking with my <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-repetition="3 5">shit</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And that's real <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-repetition="3 4">shit</span>
               <br/>
            Since <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">9-5</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">momma been working
                nine-five</span>
               <br/>
            And I know <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">the landlord fed up with <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assimilation="7 10">our lies</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            So we <span class="poetics" data-num="4">pray</span> to the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assonance="6 7">Gods</span>, the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="5 7">Jahs</span>, and the
                        <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="7"
                     data-assonance="5 6"
                     data-assimilation="3 10">Allahs</span>
               <br/>
            To keep us <span class="poetics" data-num="8">safe</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="9">watch</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="3 7">our lives</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> all we
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> do
                is do <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">good</span>
               <br/>
            Put on my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-repetition="3" data-rhyme="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">hood</span>
               </span> when I walk through <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-repetition="2">hoods</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> these
                    <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">niggas these days is <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="1"
                        data-alliteration="3"
                        data-assimilation="3">
                     <span class="ling" data-lang="spanish" data-trans="crazy">loco</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            You'll get it in ya <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3 5 7 8 9 10 11">vocals</span> if you ain't a <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-alliteration="1"
                     data-assimilation="1"
                     data-rhyme="2 5 7 8 9 10 11">local</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-repetition="6">Yeah, that's why I'm
                            <span class="ling"
                           data-type="contraction"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-word1="trying"
                           data-word2="to">tryna</span>
                  </span> go <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="2 3 7 8 9 10 11">global</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-repetition="4">Yeah, that's why I'm
                            <span class="ling"
                           data-type="contraction"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-word1="trying"
                           data-word2="to">tryna</span>
                  </span> be a <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="2 3 5  8 9 10 11">mogul</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">And I’m <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="2 3 5 7 9 10 11">hopeful</span> that me spittin it <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="2 3 5 7 8 10 11">soulful</span> will have me in the <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Daily <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="2 3 5 7 8 9 11">Postal</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Flying <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="2 3 5 7 8 9 10">coastal</span>
               </span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">eatin</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">tofu</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Like I <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12">told you</span>
                I know niggas who <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">trash <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">rappin</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Worried <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial">
                        bout</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3" data-slantrhyme="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">trendin</span> fashions</span>
               </span> rather
                    than <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="2">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">ascendin'</span>
                passion</span>
               <br/>
            They want me <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-repetition="5">send <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">em</span>
               </span> tracks but I just <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-repetition="4">send <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial"> em</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="7 13">laughter</span>
               <br/>
            Right <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="6 13">after</span> I <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-repetition="10">start</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="11">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">laughin</span>
               </span>, they <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-repetition="8">start</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="11"
                     data-rhyme="9"
                     data-slantrhyme="12">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">askin</span>
               </span> “<span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="11">what happened</span>?"<br/>
            But back to the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="6 7">chapter</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">Momma</span> told me follow
                    dreams</span>, should <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="15 18 19 20">never</span> have to ask <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14 18 19 20">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="17">to</span>
               <br/>
            So that’s what I <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">do</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="success">became an MC <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="14 15 19 20">master</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Since then it’s been a <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="14 15 18 20">disaster</span> for you and your favorite <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="14 15 18 19">rapper</span>
               <br/>
            Go ahead <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assimilation="3">ask <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">em</span>
               </span> "Who is
                    <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Joey <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="4">Bad</span>
               </span>?"<br/>
            Watch <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">em</span>
                grasp, <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assimilation="1">asthma</span>, damn it’s so <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="2">sad</span>
               <br/>
            He paused the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6 8">chatter</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> he
                know he <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5 8">rather</span> back up<br/>
            Than to <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="10 11">admit</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">the kid is <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="5 6">hotter</span> than <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="13">magma</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            But fuck <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="7 11">it</span>, you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span> give <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="7 10">credit</span> where it's <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="14">due</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> you
                ain't <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="na"
                     data-position="final">gon'</span>
                like the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="9">karma</span> when it's set up on
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12">you</span>
               <br/>
            It can get you on your <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="16">medical</span>, fuck
                you up in the <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">decimals</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Or get <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="18">you</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="17">2</span> to 3 for <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="20">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">residue</span>
               </span> found it your <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-slantrhyme="19">retinal</span>
               <br/>
            And <span class="motif" data-type="haters">they told me not to be so <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-repetition="4">complex</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Dumb it down to <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-consonance="3 4">accomplish</span>
                    <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-consonance="2 4">articles</span> in <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="4"
                        data-consonance="2 3"
                        data-repetition="1">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Complex</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">The <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">Source</span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="food">alfredo</span> of <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">course</span>
               <br/>
            There I go <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8 9">again</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7 9">steppin</span> out of line, <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 8">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">runnin'</span>
               </span> off course<br/>
            I heard <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assonance="12 13">reports</span> that it's like
                    sexual <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="11 13">intercourse</span>
               <br/>
            With <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assonance="11 12">your</span> thoughts when I <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="15">talk</span> about the <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">shoes</span> in
                which I <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14">walk</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-alliteration="17 19"
                     data-rhyme="18">For</span> it is not
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-alliteration="16 19">faux</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="16">nor</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-alliteration="16 17">false</span> that this kid from the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-assonance="21 22">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">north</span>
               </span>, speaks with <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-assonance="20 22">forced</span> groups of <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-assonance="20 21">reinforced</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-slantrhyme="24">assaults</span>
               <br/>
            I'm sure by now you can assume <span class="motif" data-type="success">he never <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-slantrhyme="23">lost</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Unless with some form of <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-assonance="26 27">divorce</span>, or a <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-assonance="25 27">corpse</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="27"
                        data-alliteration="28"
                        data-assonance="25 26">Born</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="28"
                        data-alliteration="27"
                        data-assonance="29">boss</span>
               </span> no days <span class="poetics" data-num="29" data-assonance="28">off</span>, child <span class="poetics" data-num="30" data-rhyme="31">labor</span>
               <br/>
            Let me see those in <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="31"
                     data-rhyme="30"
                     data-slantrhyme="32">favor</span> to spin that back like <span class="poetics" data-num="32" data-slantrhyme="31">tornadoes</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Since <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">9-5</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">momma been working
                nine-five</span>
               <br/>And I know <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">the landlord fed up with <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assimilation="7 10">our lies</span>
               </span>
               <br/>So we <span class="poetics" data-num="4">pray</span> to the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assonance="6 7">Gods</span>, the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="5 7">Jahs</span>, and the
                        <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="7"
                     data-assonance="5 6"
                     data-assimilation="3 10">Allahs</span>
               <br/>To keep us <span class="poetics" data-num="8">safe</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="9">watch</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="3 7">our lives</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> all we
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> do
                is do <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">good</span>
               <br/>Put on my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-repetition="3" data-rhyme="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">hood</span>
               </span> when I walk through <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-repetition="2">hoods</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> these
                    <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">niggas these days is <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="1"
                        data-alliteration="3"
                        data-assimilation="3">
                     <span class="ling" data-lang="spanish" data-trans="crazy">loco</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>You'll get it in ya <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3 5 7 8 9 10 11">vocals</span> if you ain't a <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-alliteration="1"
                     data-assimilation="1"
                     data-rhyme="2 5 7 8 9 10 11">local</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-repetition="6">Yeah, that's why I'm
                            <span class="ling"
                           data-type="contraction"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-word1="trying"
                           data-word2="to">tryna</span>
                  </span> go <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="2 3 7 8 9 10 11">global</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-repetition="4">Yeah, that's why I'm
                            <span class="ling"
                           data-type="contraction"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-word1="trying"
                           data-word2="to">tryna</span>
                  </span> be a <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="2 3 5  8 9 10 11">mogul</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">And I’m <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="2 3 5 7 9 10 11">hopeful</span> that me spittin it <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="2 3 5 7 8 10 11">soulful</span> will have me in the <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Daily <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="2 3 5 7 8 9 11">Postal</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Flying <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="2 3 5 7 8 9 10">coastal</span>
               </span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">eatin</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">tofu</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Like I <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12">told you</span>
                I know niggas who <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">trash <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">rappin</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Worried <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial">
                        bout</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3" data-slantrhyme="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">trendin</span> fashions</span>
               </span> rather
                    than <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="2">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">ascendin'</span>
                passion</span>
               <br/>They want me <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-repetition="5">send <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">em</span>
               </span> tracks but I just <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-repetition="4">send <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial"> em</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="7 13">laughter</span>
               <br/>Right <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="6 13">after</span> I <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-repetition="10">start</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="11">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">laughin</span>
               </span>, they <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-repetition="8">start</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="11"
                     data-rhyme="9"
                     data-slantrhyme="12">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">askin</span>
               </span> “<span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="11">what happened</span>?"<br/>But back to the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="6 7">chapter</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">Momma</span> told me follow
                    dreams</span>, should <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="15 18 19 20">never</span> have to ask <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14 18 19 20">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="17">to</span>
               <br/>So that’s what I <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">do</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="success">became an MC <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="14 15 19 20">master</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Since then it’s been a <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="14 15 18 20">disaster</span> for you and your favorite <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="14 15 18 19">rapper</span>
               <br/>Go ahead <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assimilation="3">ask <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">em</span>
               </span> "Who is
                    <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Joey <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="4">Bad</span>
               </span>?"<br/>Watch <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">em</span>
                grasp, <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assimilation="1">asthma</span>, damn it’s so <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="2">sad</span>
               <br/>He paused the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6 8">chatter</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> he
                know he <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5 8">rather</span> back up<br/>Than to <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="10 11">admit</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">the kid is <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="5 6">hotter</span> than <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="13">magma</span>
               </span>
               <br/>But fuck <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="7 11">it</span>, you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span> give <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="7 10">credit</span> where it's <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="14">due</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> you
                ain't <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="na"
                     data-position="final">gon'</span>
                like the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="9">karma</span> when it's set up on
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12">you</span>
               <br/>It can get you on your <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="16">medical</span>, fuck
                you up in the <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">decimals</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Or get <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="18">you</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="17">2</span> to 3 for <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="20">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">residue</span>
               </span> found it your <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-slantrhyme="19">retinal</span>
               <br/>And <span class="motif" data-type="haters">they told me not to be so <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-repetition="4">complex</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Dumb it down to <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-consonance="3 4">accomplish</span>
                    <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-consonance="2 4">articles</span> in <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="4"
                        data-consonance="2 3"
                        data-repetition="1">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Complex</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>And <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">The <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">Source</span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="food">alfredo</span> of <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">course</span>
               <br/>There I go <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8 9">again</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7 9">steppin</span> out of line, <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 8">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">runnin'</span>
               </span> off course<br/>I heard <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assonance="12 13">reports</span> that it's like
                    sexual <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="11 13">intercourse</span>
               <br/>With <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assonance="11 12">your</span> thoughts when I <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="15">talk</span> about the <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">shoes</span> in
                which I <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14">walk</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-alliteration="17 19"
                     data-rhyme="18">For</span> it is not
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-alliteration="16 19">faux</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="16">nor</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-alliteration="16 17">false</span> that this kid from the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-assonance="21 22">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">north</span>
               </span>, speaks with <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-assonance="20 22">forced</span> groups of <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-assonance="20 21">reinforced</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-slantrhyme="24">assaults</span>
               <br/>I'm sure by now you can assume <span class="motif" data-type="success">he never <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-slantrhyme="23">lost</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Unless with some form of <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-assonance="26 27">divorce</span>, or a <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-assonance="25 27">corpse</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="27"
                        data-alliteration="28"
                        data-assonance="25 26">Born</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="28"
                        data-alliteration="27"
                        data-assonance="29">boss</span>
               </span> no days <span class="poetics" data-num="29" data-assonance="28">off</span>, child <span class="poetics" data-num="30" data-rhyme="31">labor</span>
               <br/>Let me see those in <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="31"
                     data-rhyme="30"
                     data-slantrhyme="32">favor</span> to spin that back like <span class="poetics" data-num="32" data-slantrhyme="31">tornadoes</span>
               <br/>
            What the rap audience ain't ready for is a real person: You know what I
                    wanna say: a real N-I-G-G-A. <br/>
            I'm coming at <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> a hundred percent real; I ain't compromising anything. <br/>
            Anybody that talk about me, got problems, you know what I'm <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">sayin'</span>? <br/>
            It's gonna be straight-up, like if I was a street person. <br/>
            That's how I'm <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">comin'</span> at the whole world, and I'm being real about it and <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="I'm"
                     data-word2="going"
                     data-word3="to">I'mma</span> grow with my music <br/>
               <br/>What the rap audience ain't ready for is a real person: You know what I
                    wanna say: a real N-I-G-G-A. <br/>I'm coming at <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> a hundred percent real; I ain't compromising anything. <br/>Anybody that talk about me, got problems, you know what I'm <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">sayin'</span>? <br/>It's gonna be straight-up, like if I was a street person. <br/>That's how I'm <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">comin'</span> at the whole world, and I'm being real about it and <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="I'm"
                     data-word2="going"
                     data-word3="to">I'mma</span> grow with my music <br/>
            But it's far from <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="1"
                     data-rhyme="3 4 5"
                     data-slantrhyme="2">over</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Won't stop <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="un"
                        data-position="initial">'til</span> I meet <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Hova</span>
                  </span> and my <span class="motif" data-type="women">momma's</span> in a <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 4 5">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Rover</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="un"
                        data-position="initial">Til</span> I'm an <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1 3 5">owner</span> of the world's finest <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="5"
                        data-rhyme="1 3 4"
                        data-slantrhyme="6">motors</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I blow like <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">supernovas</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">in <span class="motif" data-type="women">your daughter's</span> room on a
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8 9 10 11 12">poster</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Known as history's biggest musical <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7 9 10 11 12">composer</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            No disrespect to <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Bob Mar</span>, but yeah, <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 8 10 11 12">another</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="7 8 9 11 12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">stoner</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Marijuana my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="7 8 9 10 12">odor</span>
               </span>, and when I get <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="7 8 9 10 11">older</span>
               <br/>

            Hope my <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2 3">spermatozoa</span> from my
                        <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="2"
                     data-assonance="1 3"
                     data-rhyme="3 4">scrotum</span>
                    intercepts an <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-assonance="1 2"
                     data-rhyme="2 4">ovum</span>
               <br/>
            Like 3 times, have 3 kids, I hope<br/>
            Me and <span class="motif" data-type="women">wife</span> can <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="2 3">show
                        <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">em</span>
               </span> not to make <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">the same mistakes you know that we
                    did</span>
               <br/>
            I hope they <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">acknowledge</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">knowledge</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cuz</span> yeah,
                they 'gon <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8 9">need it</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cuz</span> when my
                parents tried to tell me, I just wouldn't <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7 9">receive it</span>
               <br/>
            Couldn't <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 8">believe it</span>, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'til</span> I saw with my own
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="11">pupils</span>
               <br/>
            Felt bad when I learned that their advice was truly <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="10">useful</span>
               <br/>
            But fuck it, only made us as human beings <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="13 14">more mutual</span>
               <br/>
            Even though over time, my punishments they grew <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12 14">more crucial</span>
               <br/>
            Should use the word <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12 13">brutal</span>, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cuz</span> my parents
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="15"
                     data-alliteration="16 17 18"
                     data-rhyme="17">mad
                strict</span>
               <br/>
            Hope one day I'll attract the likes of even <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-alliteration="15 17 18">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Madlib</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Go gold on <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="17"
                        data-alliteration="15 16 18"
                        data-rhyme="15">mad shit</span> and hear my songs <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="15 16 17">mastered</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Until then, all I can do is <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="20">imagine</span>
               <br/>

            Imagine<br/>

               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="I'm"
                        data-word2="going"
                        data-word3="to">I'mma</span> make it all <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19">happen</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <br/>But it's far from <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="1"
                     data-rhyme="3 4 5"
                     data-slantrhyme="2">over</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Won't stop <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="un"
                        data-position="initial">'til</span> I meet <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Hova</span>
                  </span> and my <span class="motif" data-type="women">momma's</span> in a <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 4 5">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Rover</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="un"
                        data-position="initial">Til</span> I'm an <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1 3 5">owner</span> of the world's finest <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="5"
                        data-rhyme="1 3 4"
                        data-slantrhyme="6">motors</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I blow like <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">supernovas</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">in <span class="motif" data-type="women">your daughter's</span> room on a
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8 9 10 11 12">poster</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Known as history's biggest musical <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7 9 10 11 12">composer</span>
               </span>
               <br/>No disrespect to <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Bob Mar</span>, but yeah, <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 8 10 11 12">another</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="7 8 9 11 12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">stoner</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Marijuana my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="7 8 9 10 12">odor</span>
               </span>, and when I get <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="7 8 9 10 11">older</span>
               <br/>Hope my <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2 3">spermatozoa</span> from my
                        <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="2"
                     data-assonance="1 3"
                     data-rhyme="3 4">scrotum</span>
                    intercepts an <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-assonance="1 2"
                     data-rhyme="2 4">ovum</span>
               <br/>Like 3 times, have 3 kids, I hope<br/>Me and <span class="motif" data-type="women">wife</span> can <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="2 3">show
                        <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">em</span>
               </span> not to make <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">the same mistakes you know that we
                    did</span>
               <br/>I hope they <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">acknowledge</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">knowledge</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cuz</span> yeah,
                they 'gon <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8 9">need it</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cuz</span> when my
                parents tried to tell me, I just wouldn't <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7 9">receive it</span>
               <br/>Couldn't <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 8">believe it</span>, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'til</span> I saw with my own
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="11">pupils</span>
               <br/>Felt bad when I learned that their advice was truly <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="10">useful</span>
               <br/>But fuck it, only made us as human beings <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="13 14">more mutual</span>
               <br/>Even though over time, my punishments they grew <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12 14">more crucial</span>
               <br/>Should use the word <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12 13">brutal</span>, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cuz</span> my parents
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="15"
                     data-alliteration="16 17 18"
                     data-rhyme="17">mad
                strict</span>
               <br/>Hope one day I'll attract the likes of even <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-alliteration="15 17 18">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Madlib</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Go gold on <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="17"
                        data-alliteration="15 16 18"
                        data-rhyme="15">mad shit</span> and hear my songs <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="15 16 17">mastered</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Until then, all I can do is <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="20">imagine</span>
               <br/>Imagine<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="I'm"
                        data-word2="going"
                        data-word3="to">I'mma</span> make it all <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19">happen</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e987">Fromdatomb$</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/AutJUrizXrk"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
            (Go <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>)<br/>
            Said what it's like?<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Joey Bad</span> and <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Chuck
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">Strangers</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Leave niggas <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">endangered</span>
               <br/>
            It's the real, yo what's the word <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4">word</span>?<br/>
            Pass the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">herbs</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Check<br/>
               <br/>(Go <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>)<br/>Said what it's like?<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Joey Bad</span> and <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Chuck
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">Strangers</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Leave niggas <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">endangered</span>
               <br/>It's the real, yo what's the word <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4">word</span>?<br/>Pass the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">herbs</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Check<br/>
            My man <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Dirty</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assimilation="2">had the</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assimilation="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">buddha</span>
               </span> just to put me
                in my <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4 5 6">right mind</span>
               <br/>
            I rhyme <span class="motif" data-type="weed">stoned</span>, drop <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">jewels</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3 5 6">bright lines</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="3 4 6">Sight <span class="motif" data-type="women">dimes</span>
               </span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="h"
                     data-position="final">wit'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="3 4 5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">slight closed eyes</span>
               </span>,
                I'm <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">slight <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="8"
                        data-assimilation="9"
                        data-rhyme="10">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="r"
                           data-position="final">soba</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Ma you ain't that girl at giving throat <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="8">so bye</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            F it I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="8">bi-po-la</span>,took <span class="motif" data-type="women">shorty</span> to the <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="3">backroom</span>
               <br/>
            Play charades, <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="3">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">actin</span>
               </span> like a <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-assonance="2"
                     data-rhyme="1"
                     data-slantrhyme="6">vacuum</span>
               <br/>
            Showed <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> to the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5 7">door</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4 7">before</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="8" data-slantrhyme="3">afternoon</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> fell hard on the <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="4 5">floor</span>, so you know that she'll be back <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="6">soon</span>
               <br/>
            Fake MC's get their <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-alliteration="10">reps</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="10"
                     data-alliteration="9"
                     data-slantrhyme="13">ruined</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Young villain hop up on the <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-repetition="12">track</span> then the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-repetition="11">track</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="10">doomed</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="14"
                     data-alliteration="15"
                     data-slantrhyme="16 18">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Click-clack-boom</span>
               </span>, resurrecting <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-alliteration="14">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">Boom-Bap</span>
               </span> from the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="14 18">tombs</span>
               <br/>
            Raps dope like <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-alliteration="18">crack</span> in <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="18"
                     data-alliteration="17"
                     data-slantrhyme="14 16">cocoons</span>
               <br/>
            Back in this <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-assonance="20">mood</span>, back on the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-assonance="19">move</span>
               <br/>
            It's the motherfucking <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-consonance="22 23">real</span>,
                nigga <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-consonance="21 23">chill</span> act <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="23"
                     data-consonance="21 22"
                     data-slantrhyme="24 25">cool</span>
               <br/>
            Pay respect to the cat <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-slantrhyme="23 25">Drew</span>
               <br/>
            And I'm <span class="motif" data-type="success">way too blessed</span> to be <span class="motif" data-type="guns">throwing
                    shots</span> at <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-slantrhyme="23 24">you</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>My man <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Dirty</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assimilation="2">had the</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assimilation="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">buddha</span>
               </span> just to put me
                in my <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4 5 6">right mind</span>
               <br/>I rhyme <span class="motif" data-type="weed">stoned</span>, drop <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">jewels</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3 5 6">bright lines</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="3 4 6">Sight <span class="motif" data-type="women">dimes</span>
               </span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="h"
                     data-position="final">wit'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="3 4 5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">slight closed eyes</span>
               </span>,
                I'm <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">slight <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="8"
                        data-assimilation="9"
                        data-rhyme="10">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="r"
                           data-position="final">soba</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Ma you ain't that girl at giving throat <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="8">so bye</span>
               </span>
               <br/>F it I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="8">bi-po-la</span>,took <span class="motif" data-type="women">shorty</span> to the <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="3">backroom</span>
               <br/>Play charades, <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="3">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">actin</span>
               </span> like a <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-assonance="2"
                     data-rhyme="1"
                     data-slantrhyme="6">vacuum</span>
               <br/>Showed <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> to the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5 7">door</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4 7">before</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="8" data-slantrhyme="3">afternoon</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> fell hard on the <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="4 5">floor</span>, so you know that she'll be back <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="6">soon</span>
               <br/>Fake MC's get their <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-alliteration="10">reps</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="10"
                     data-alliteration="9"
                     data-slantrhyme="13">ruined</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Young villain hop up on the <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-repetition="12">track</span> then the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-repetition="11">track</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="10">doomed</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="14"
                     data-alliteration="15"
                     data-slantrhyme="16 18">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Click-clack-boom</span>
               </span>, resurrecting <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-alliteration="14">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">Boom-Bap</span>
               </span> from the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="14 18">tombs</span>
               <br/>Raps dope like <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-alliteration="18">crack</span> in <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="18"
                     data-alliteration="17"
                     data-slantrhyme="14 16">cocoons</span>
               <br/>Back in this <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-assonance="20">mood</span>, back on the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-assonance="19">move</span>
               <br/>It's the motherfucking <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-consonance="22 23">real</span>,
                nigga <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-consonance="21 23">chill</span> act <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="23"
                     data-consonance="21 22"
                     data-slantrhyme="24 25">cool</span>
               <br/>Pay respect to the cat <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-slantrhyme="23 25">Drew</span>
               <br/>And I'm <span class="motif" data-type="success">way too blessed</span> to be <span class="motif" data-type="guns">throwing
                    shots</span> at <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-slantrhyme="23 24">you</span>
               <br/>
            Big ups to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>, home of the realest<br/>
            Big ups to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>, home of the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">era</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Big ups to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>, home of the realest<br/>Big ups to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>, home of the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">era</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'm <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span> find my own, in this <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">freeway of life</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Just remember home boy there <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">ain't no <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">free way to life</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            My nigga it's gon cost <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="4">you</span>, try not
                to <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="3">lose</span> your <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assonance="6 7">soul</span>
               <br/>
            To the rims, <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="5 7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               </span>, and <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="7"
                     data-assonance="5 6"
                     data-rhyme="8">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">gold</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">Cause</span> once the devil grab <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">hold</span>, that nigga ain't letting go</span>
               <br/>
            And I'm far from religious, I just know <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10 11 12 13">right and wrong</span>
               <br/>
            I know how to <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9 11 12 13">write these
                songs</span>, I know how to <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="9 10 12 13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">light these bongs</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I know how to <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="9 10 11 13">rip
                    thongs</span> and I'm pretty good at <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="9 10 11 12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">beer pong</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-repetition="2">Nigga, I'm</span> so crazy, <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-repetition="1">nigga I'm</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">
                  <span class="ling" data-lang="spanish" data-trans="crazy">loco</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Gassed up like <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Sunoco</span>
               </span>, press the pedal through the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6 7">floor</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Bitch</span> we out the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5 7">door</span>, Vroom vroom skuuurrt<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Bitch</span> love don't live here no <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="5 6">more</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">weave</span> look faker than her <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">Louie <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-repetition="9">bag</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Weak chick</span> I tried to <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-repetition="8">bag</span>, had the nerve to <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="11">turn me down</span>
               <br/>
            Heard this song and <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assimilation="10">turned
                    around</span>
               <br/>
            Now <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> want me to unzip her <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">pants</span>
               <br/>
            But I'm gone, <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitch</span> missed her <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="12">chance</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'm <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span> find my own, in this <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">freeway of life</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Just remember home boy there <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">ain't no <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">free way to life</span>
               </span>
               <br/>My nigga it's gon cost <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="4">you</span>, try not
                to <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="3">lose</span> your <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assonance="6 7">soul</span>
               <br/>To the rims, <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="5 7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               </span>, and <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="7"
                     data-assonance="5 6"
                     data-rhyme="8">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">gold</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">Cause</span> once the devil grab <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">hold</span>, that nigga ain't letting go</span>
               <br/>And I'm far from religious, I just know <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10 11 12 13">right and wrong</span>
               <br/>I know how to <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9 11 12 13">write these
                songs</span>, I know how to <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="9 10 12 13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">light these bongs</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I know how to <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="9 10 11 13">rip
                    thongs</span> and I'm pretty good at <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="9 10 11 12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">beer pong</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-repetition="2">Nigga, I'm</span> so crazy, <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-repetition="1">nigga I'm</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">
                  <span class="ling" data-lang="spanish" data-trans="crazy">loco</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Gassed up like <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Sunoco</span>
               </span>, press the pedal through the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6 7">floor</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Bitch</span> we out the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5 7">door</span>, Vroom vroom skuuurrt<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Bitch</span> love don't live here no <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="5 6">more</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">weave</span> look faker than her <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">Louie <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-repetition="9">bag</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Weak chick</span> I tried to <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-repetition="8">bag</span>, had the nerve to <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="11">turn me down</span>
               <br/>Heard this song and <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assimilation="10">turned
                    around</span>
               <br/>Now <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> want me to unzip her <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">pants</span>
               <br/>But I'm gone, <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitch</span> missed her <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="12">chance</span>
               <br/>
            Big ups to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>, home of the realest<br/>
            Big ups to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>, home of the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">era</span>
               <br/>
            Big ups to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>, home of the realest<br/>
            Big ups to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>, home of the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">era</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Big ups to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>, home of the realest<br/>Big ups to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>, home of the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">era</span>
               <br/>Big ups to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>, home of the realest<br/>Big ups to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn</span>, home of the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">era</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I got <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assimilation="2">sick of
                        class</span>, started making <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assimilation="1 2">classics</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Now all I really do is get the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="4">grass
                        lit</span>
               </span> and <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-assonance="3"
                     data-assimilation="5 6">bust asses</span>
               <br/>
            I'm <span class="motif" data-type="success">sure to blow</span> like <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="4 6">bust acid</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="4 5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Puff</span>, assist</span> like
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-alliteration="8">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">Maravich</span>
               </span>, a
                true <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-alliteration="7">maverick</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="sports">And I <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-repetition="10 11">average</span> above
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-repetition="9 11">average</span> on an <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-repetition="9 10">average</span> day</span>
               <br/>
            Doing bad shit bet you still can’t pass this<br/>
            And his teacher still pass him<br/>
            Though they <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-assimilation="15 16">adolescents</span> be
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-assimilation="14 16">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">addin'</span>
                    <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">rappin'</span>
                    sessions</span> over <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-assimilation="14 15">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">addin'</span>
                    lessons</span>
               <br/>
            Like fuck <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="19">trigonometry</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="money">I’m trying to <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="19">multiply</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="19"
                        data-alliteration="18"
                        data-rhyme="17">monopolies</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Subtract some <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="21 22 23">homies</span>
               </span> then <span class="motif" data-type="money">divide the <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="20 22 23">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">cheese</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Divide legs just to <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="20 21 23">isosceles</span> so my eyes can see through the <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="20 21 22">E</span>
               <br/>
            Shit on you <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-assimilation="25">hypotheses</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-assimilation="24">Hypocrisy</span> after essence like
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-assimilation="27 28 29">apostrophes</span>
               <br/>
            You can’t stand here unless you pay <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-assimilation="26 28 29">a posture fee</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="28" data-assimilation="26 27 29">Part the <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">cheese</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, head out the <span class="poetics" data-num="29" data-assimilation="26 27 28">spot and leave</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="30" data-assimilation="31">A <span class="motif" data-type="money">pile of
                        G's</span>
               </span> for <span class="poetics" data-num="31" data-assimilation="30">apology</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I got <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assimilation="2">sick of
                        class</span>, started making <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assimilation="1 2">classics</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Now all I really do is get the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="4">grass
                        lit</span>
               </span> and <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-assonance="3"
                     data-assimilation="5 6">bust asses</span>
               <br/>I'm <span class="motif" data-type="success">sure to blow</span> like <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="4 6">bust acid</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="4 5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Puff</span>, assist</span> like
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-alliteration="8">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">Maravich</span>
               </span>, a
                true <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-alliteration="7">maverick</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="sports">And I <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-repetition="10 11">average</span> above
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-repetition="9 11">average</span> on an <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-repetition="9 10">average</span> day</span>
               <br/>Doing bad shit bet you still can’t pass this<br/>And his teacher still pass him<br/>Though they <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-assimilation="15 16">adolescents</span> be
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-assimilation="14 16">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">addin'</span>
                    <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">rappin'</span>
                    sessions</span> over <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-assimilation="14 15">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">addin'</span>
                    lessons</span>
               <br/>Like fuck <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="19">trigonometry</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="money">I’m trying to <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="19">multiply</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="19"
                        data-alliteration="18"
                        data-rhyme="17">monopolies</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Subtract some <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="21 22 23">homies</span>
               </span> then <span class="motif" data-type="money">divide the <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="20 22 23">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">cheese</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>Divide legs just to <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="20 21 23">isosceles</span> so my eyes can see through the <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="20 21 22">E</span>
               <br/>Shit on you <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-assimilation="25">hypotheses</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-assimilation="24">Hypocrisy</span> after essence like
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-assimilation="27 28 29">apostrophes</span>
               <br/>You can’t stand here unless you pay <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-assimilation="26 28 29">a posture fee</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="28" data-assimilation="26 27 29">Part the <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">cheese</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, head out the <span class="poetics" data-num="29" data-assimilation="26 27 28">spot and leave</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="30" data-assimilation="31">A <span class="motif" data-type="money">pile of
                        G's</span>
               </span> for <span class="poetics" data-num="31" data-assimilation="30">apology</span>
               <br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e1594">Survival Tactics</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/hQXUhRxGp4A"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It's either, them or you</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It's sort of like, survival you know. Survival of the fittest you
                    know</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">You do what you do to stay alive</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It's either, them or you</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It's sort of like, survival you know. Survival of the fittest you
                    know</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">You do what you do to stay alive</span>
               <br/>
            Niggas don't <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">want</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">war</span> I'm a
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="4 5">martian</span> with an <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="3 5">army</span> of <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-alliteration="6"
                     data-assonance="3 4">spartans</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="5">Sparring</span> with a <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assonance="8 9">knife</span> in a <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="7 9">missile</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-assonance="7 8"
                     data-rhyme="11">fight</span>
               <br/>
            Get your <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-alliteration="12">intel</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="9">right</span>, your <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="12"
                     data-alliteration="10"
                     data-assonance="13">intelligence</span> is <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assonance="12">irrelevant</span>
               <br/>
            But it's <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="14"
                     data-rhyme="15"
                     data-slantrhyme="16 17">definite</span> I
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14">spit</span> more than speech <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-rhyme="18 19"
                     data-slantrhyme="14 17">impediments</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn's</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="14 16">residence</span>, the best and it's <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="16 19">evident</span>
               <br/>
            We got them niggas <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">P-E</span>-Nuts</span>, like they
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="16 18">elephants</span>
               <br/>
            Throw <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> in a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="3">trunk</span> if they hate <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="4">though</span>
               <br/>
            We don't give a <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="1">fuck</span> as long as we
                    <span class="motif" data-type="money">collect our <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="4"
                        data-assimilation="5"
                        data-rhyme="2">pay, so</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Ya'll collect <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">pesos</span>
               </span>, ya <span class="motif" data-type="money">money</span> ain't
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="7">right here</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">I got them <span class="motif" data-type="women">girls</span> next to
                        the wood like they <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="6" data-slantrhyme="8">light year</span>
               </span>, I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">right chea</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-repetition="10">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="contraction"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-word1="trying"
                           data-word2="to">Tryna</span>
                  </span>
                    <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">get a buzz</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-repetition="9">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12 14">pollinate</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">STEEZ</span> got that presidential shit out to <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11 14">inaugurate</span>
               <br/>
            My <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-repetition="15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">P.E</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="11 12">conglomerates</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial"> bout</span>
                    to<span class="poetics"
                     data-num="15"
                     data-repetition="13"
                     data-rhyme="16 18"> P-E-E</span> on any
                    wanna <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15 18">B-E</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-assonance="18">weak</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="18"
                     data-assonance="17"
                     data-rhyme="15 16">MC</span>
               <br/>
            Air <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> out or leave <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> empty congratulate the <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">semi-auto</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Fire flame spitter like <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="2"
                     data-alliteration="3"
                     data-rhyme="1">komodo</span>
               <br/>
            No time for <span class="motif" data-type="haters">fake people</span>, they be <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">simmin'</span> like <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="3"
                        data-alliteration="2"
                        data-rhyme="4 5 9">Kimora</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'm the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3 5 9">empor-ah</span>
               </span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="women">in search of the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3 4 9">adora</span>
               </span>, my heart go<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-repetition="7 8">Ba boom</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-repetition="6 8">Ba boom</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-repetition="6 7">Ba boom boom</span>
               <br/>
            It's panic like <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="3 4 5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Dora</span>
               </span> when <span class="motif" data-type="guns">shots
                    blast</span>
               <br/>
            See I was <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-repetition="12">raised that</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="13">way</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="geo">I'm from the
                    place</span> where they <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-repetition="10">raise
                        that</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="11">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">K</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Like <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-repetition="16 18">every</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="17">day</span> in <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-repetition="14 18">every</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="15">way</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-repetition="14 16">every</span> where you go, just ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-alliteration="20">safe</span>
               <br/>
            The only thing that I can <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="20"
                     data-alliteration="19"
                     data-rhyme="21">say</span>, to you is <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="20">pray</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> when
                niggas start <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3 4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">equippin</span>
               </span>',
                and throw the<span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3 4">
                    <span class="motif" data-type="guns">clip</span> in</span>
               <br/>
            Your blood <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2 4">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">drippin'</span>
               </span>, and got you <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-rhyme="1 2 3"
                     data-slantrhyme="5">slippin</span>'<br/>
            Another <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6" data-slantrhyme="4">victim</span>, don't know whats <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">hit them</span> – through his <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8 9">spinal</span>
               <br/>
            Just another man who defeated by <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7 9">survival</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">That's your biggest <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 8">rival</span>, in
                    your whole <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="11">life</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            These bars you can't handle you better hold <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="11"
                     data-rhyme="12 13"
                     data-slantrhyme="10">tight</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">They <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">sayin'</span> I'm the best, I'm like you're so <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11 13">right</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Still ain't got enough shine</span> to last the whole
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="11 12">night</span>, nigga<br/>
               <br/>Niggas don't <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">want</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">war</span> I'm a
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="4 5">martian</span> with an <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="3 5">army</span> of <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-alliteration="6"
                     data-assonance="3 4">spartans</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="5">Sparring</span> with a <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assonance="8 9">knife</span> in a <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="7 9">missile</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-assonance="7 8"
                     data-rhyme="11">fight</span>
               <br/>Get your <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-alliteration="12">intel</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="9">right</span>, your <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="12"
                     data-alliteration="10"
                     data-assonance="13">intelligence</span> is <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assonance="12">irrelevant</span>
               <br/>But it's <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="14"
                     data-rhyme="15"
                     data-slantrhyme="16 17">definite</span> I
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14">spit</span> more than speech <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-rhyme="18 19"
                     data-slantrhyme="14 17">impediments</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Brooklyn's</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="14 16">residence</span>, the best and it's <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="16 19">evident</span>
               <br/>We got them niggas <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">P-E</span>-Nuts</span>, like they
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="16 18">elephants</span>
               <br/>Throw <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> in a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="3">trunk</span> if they hate <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="4">though</span>
               <br/>We don't give a <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="1">fuck</span> as long as we
                    <span class="motif" data-type="money">collect our <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="4"
                        data-assimilation="5"
                        data-rhyme="2">pay, so</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Ya'll collect <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">pesos</span>
               </span>, ya <span class="motif" data-type="money">money</span> ain't
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="7">right here</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">I got them <span class="motif" data-type="women">girls</span> next to
                        the wood like they <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="6" data-slantrhyme="8">light year</span>
               </span>, I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">right chea</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-repetition="10">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="contraction"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-word1="trying"
                           data-word2="to">Tryna</span>
                  </span>
                    <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">get a buzz</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-repetition="9">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12 14">pollinate</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">STEEZ</span> got that presidential shit out to <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11 14">inaugurate</span>
               <br/>My <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-repetition="15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">P.E</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="11 12">conglomerates</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial"> bout</span>
                    to<span class="poetics"
                     data-num="15"
                     data-repetition="13"
                     data-rhyme="16 18"> P-E-E</span> on any
                    wanna <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15 18">B-E</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-assonance="18">weak</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="18"
                     data-assonance="17"
                     data-rhyme="15 16">MC</span>
               <br/>Air <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> out or leave <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> empty congratulate the <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">semi-auto</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Fire flame spitter like <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="2"
                     data-alliteration="3"
                     data-rhyme="1">komodo</span>
               <br/>No time for <span class="motif" data-type="haters">fake people</span>, they be <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">simmin'</span> like <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="3"
                        data-alliteration="2"
                        data-rhyme="4 5 9">Kimora</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'm the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3 5 9">empor-ah</span>
               </span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="women">in search of the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3 4 9">adora</span>
               </span>, my heart go<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-repetition="7 8">Ba boom</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-repetition="6 8">Ba boom</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-repetition="6 7">Ba boom boom</span>
               <br/>It's panic like <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="3 4 5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Dora</span>
               </span> when <span class="motif" data-type="guns">shots
                    blast</span>
               <br/>See I was <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-repetition="12">raised that</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="13">way</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="geo">I'm from the
                    place</span> where they <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-repetition="10">raise
                        that</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="11">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">K</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Like <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-repetition="16 18">every</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="17">day</span> in <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-repetition="14 18">every</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="15">way</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-repetition="14 16">every</span> where you go, just ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-alliteration="20">safe</span>
               <br/>The only thing that I can <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="20"
                     data-alliteration="19"
                     data-rhyme="21">say</span>, to you is <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="20">pray</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> when
                niggas start <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3 4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">equippin</span>
               </span>',
                and throw the<span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3 4">
                    <span class="motif" data-type="guns">clip</span> in</span>
               <br/>Your blood <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2 4">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">drippin'</span>
               </span>, and got you <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-rhyme="1 2 3"
                     data-slantrhyme="5">slippin</span>'<br/>Another <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6" data-slantrhyme="4">victim</span>, don't know whats <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">hit them</span> – through his <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8 9">spinal</span>
               <br/>Just another man who defeated by <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7 9">survival</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">That's your biggest <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 8">rival</span>, in
                    your whole <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="11">life</span>
               </span>
               <br/>These bars you can't handle you better hold <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="11"
                     data-rhyme="12 13"
                     data-slantrhyme="10">tight</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">They <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">sayin'</span> I'm the best, I'm like you're so <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11 13">right</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Still ain't got enough shine</span> to last the whole
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="11 12">night</span>, nigga<br/>
            Yo, fuck the police nigga<br/>
            Fuck every ass corrupt politician on Wall Street<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">P.E</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Public Enemy</span>,
                    Assassinate us, <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitch</span>
               <br/>
            Fuck that, fuck everything son<br/>
            Fuck government, Fuck, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">listenin'</span> and shit<br/>

            You want <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">fuckin'</span> energy? Dickheads<br/>
               <br/>Yo, fuck the police nigga<br/>Fuck every ass corrupt politician on Wall Street<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">P.E</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Public Enemy</span>,
                    Assassinate us, <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitch</span>
               <br/>Fuck that, fuck everything son<br/>Fuck government, Fuck, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">listenin'</span> and shit<br/>You want <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">fuckin'</span> energy? Dickheads<br/>
            It's like <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">6 milli <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="3">ways</span> to die</span> my nigga choose <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="6">one</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1">Doomsday</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5">comin</span>' start <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4">investin</span>' in a few <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">guns</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            New <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">gats</span>
               </span>, booby <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="9" data-slantrhyme="7">traps</span>, and <span class="motif" data-type="guns">bazooka
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8">straps</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Better play your cards right, no <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">booster <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="11">packs</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Everybody claim they used to <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="10">rap</span>
               <br/>
            But these ain't even punchlines no more, I'm abusing <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">tracks</span>
               <br/>
            Leaving instrumentals blue and <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">black</span>
               <br/>
            I'm in <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Marty McFly</span> mode, so tell em'
                that <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">the future's <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">back</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Riding on <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">hoverboards</span>
               </span>, wiping out <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-alliteration="6"
                     data-rhyme="4">motherboards</span>
               <br/>
            Stopped spitting fire <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="5">motherfuckin</span> lung is <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="9 11">scorched</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">King
                        Arthur</span>
               </span> when he swung his <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="7 11">sword</span>
               <br/>
            A <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="8">king author</span> I ain't even use a
                pen in like a month or <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="7 9">four</span>
               <br/>
            I had a hard time writing <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="13">lyrics</span>
               <br/>
            Now I'm way over heads, science <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assonance="12">fiction</span>
               <br/>
            You can try and <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="15">get it</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="success">my man the flyest <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14">with
                        it</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            With a mind of <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="17">fine of interest</span> for
                your <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">finest interests</span>
               <br/>
            They say hard work <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4">pays off</span>
               <br/>
            Well tell the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Based <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="3">God</span>
               </span> don't quit his day <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="2">job</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">Cause</span>
                    <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">P.E's</span> about to <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1">take off</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            With <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">protons</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5" data-slantrhyme="7">electrons</span> homie that's an <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="6">A-bomb</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-alliteration="9 10">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">Fuckin'</span> ridiculous</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-alliteration="8 10">Finger to the
                    president</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">screamin'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-alliteration="8 9">"fuck
                    censorship!"</span>
               <br/>
            If <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Obama</span> got that president <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">election</span>
               <br/>
            Then them <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">P.E. boys</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial">bout</span> to make
                an <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">intervention</span>
               <br/>
            Fuck what I <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">once said</span>, I want the
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">blood
                shed</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span>
                now-a-days for respect you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">pump lead</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I guess <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Columbine</span>
               </span> was <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">listenin'</span> to
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5 6">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Chaka
                        Khan</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4 6">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Pokémon</span>
               </span> wasn't <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">gettin'</span> recognized at <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="4 5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Comic-Con</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            It's like <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">we've been content with <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="7"
                        data-assonance="8"
                        data-rhyme="10 13">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">losin'</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">half our <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="7">students</span>
                    fallen <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10">victim</span> to the <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="10"
                        data-rhyme="7 13"
                        data-slantrhyme="9">institution</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Jobs are scarce</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="12">since</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="11">Scientific</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="7 10">Revolution</span>
               <br/>
            And little kids are <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">shootin'</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Uzi's</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> its
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="15 16 17">given to <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">'em</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="14 16 17">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Little weapon</span>
               </span>,
                code name: <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="14 15 17">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Smith and
                        Wesson</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And you'll be quick to catch a bullet like an <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="14 15 16">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">interception</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">If your man’s <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-slantrhyme="19">disrespect it</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Send a message and it's over in a <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="18">millisecond</span> - nigga<br/>
               <br/>It's like <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">6 milli <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="3">ways</span> to die</span> my nigga choose <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="6">one</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1">Doomsday</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5">comin</span>' start <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4">investin</span>' in a few <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">guns</span>
               </span>
               <br/>New <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">gats</span>
               </span>, booby <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="9" data-slantrhyme="7">traps</span>, and <span class="motif" data-type="guns">bazooka
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8">straps</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Better play your cards right, no <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">booster <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="11">packs</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Everybody claim they used to <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="10">rap</span>
               <br/>But these ain't even punchlines no more, I'm abusing <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">tracks</span>
               <br/>Leaving instrumentals blue and <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">black</span>
               <br/>I'm in <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Marty McFly</span> mode, so tell em'
                that <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">the future's <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">back</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Riding on <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">hoverboards</span>
               </span>, wiping out <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-alliteration="6"
                     data-rhyme="4">motherboards</span>
               <br/>Stopped spitting fire <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="5">motherfuckin</span> lung is <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="9 11">scorched</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">King
                        Arthur</span>
               </span> when he swung his <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="7 11">sword</span>
               <br/>A <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="8">king author</span> I ain't even use a
                pen in like a month or <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="7 9">four</span>
               <br/>I had a hard time writing <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="13">lyrics</span>
               <br/>Now I'm way over heads, science <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assonance="12">fiction</span>
               <br/>You can try and <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="15">get it</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="success">my man the flyest <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14">with
                        it</span>
               </span>
               <br/>With a mind of <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="17">fine of interest</span> for
                your <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">finest interests</span>
               <br/>They say hard work <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4">pays off</span>
               <br/>Well tell the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Based <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="3">God</span>
               </span> don't quit his day <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="2">job</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">Cause</span>
                    <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">P.E's</span> about to <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1">take off</span>
               </span>
               <br/>With <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">protons</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5" data-slantrhyme="7">electrons</span> homie that's an <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="6">A-bomb</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-alliteration="9 10">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">Fuckin'</span> ridiculous</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-alliteration="8 10">Finger to the
                    president</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">screamin'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-alliteration="8 9">"fuck
                    censorship!"</span>
               <br/>If <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Obama</span> got that president <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">election</span>
               <br/>Then them <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">P.E. boys</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial">bout</span> to make
                an <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">intervention</span>
               <br/>Fuck what I <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">once said</span>, I want the
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">blood
                shed</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span>
                now-a-days for respect you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">pump lead</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I guess <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Columbine</span>
               </span> was <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">listenin'</span> to
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5 6">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Chaka
                        Khan</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4 6">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Pokémon</span>
               </span> wasn't <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">gettin'</span> recognized at <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="4 5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Comic-Con</span>
               </span>
               <br/>It's like <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">we've been content with <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="7"
                        data-assonance="8"
                        data-rhyme="10 13">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">losin'</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>And <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">half our <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="7">students</span>
                    fallen <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10">victim</span> to the <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="10"
                        data-rhyme="7 13"
                        data-slantrhyme="9">institution</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Jobs are scarce</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="12">since</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="11">Scientific</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="7 10">Revolution</span>
               <br/>And little kids are <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">shootin'</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Uzi's</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> its
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="15 16 17">given to <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">'em</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="14 16 17">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Little weapon</span>
               </span>,
                code name: <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="14 15 17">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Smith and
                        Wesson</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And you'll be quick to catch a bullet like an <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="14 15 16">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">interception</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">If your man’s <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-slantrhyme="19">disrespect it</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Send a message and it's over in a <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="18">millisecond</span> - nigga<br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e2386">Killuminati</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/yAsPnohQYY4"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
            Yes, <span class="motif" data-type="food">Strawberries</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Yes, <span class="motif" data-type="food">Strawberries</span>
               <br/>
            I'm a beast with <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="4">these flows</span>
               <br/>
            Two <span class="motif" data-type="women">birds</span>, one <span class="motif" data-type="weed">stoned</span>, you <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="3">get</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-alliteration="2">geese’d</span> when <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="7" data-slantrhyme="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">trees rolled</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            They say I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="6">evil</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I
                    <span class="motif" data-type="success">trained my <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="6"
                        data-assimilation="5"
                        data-slantrhyme="7">ego</span> to <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="7"
                        data-assimilation="8 9"
                        data-rhyme="4"
                        data-slantrhyme="6">see <span class="motif" data-type="money">gold</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> he
                know, <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="7 9">seagulls</span>
                    couldn't <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="7 8">see these
                    goals</span>, please<br/>
            It's the return of the <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">beast coast</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            No <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">cash</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">flashed</span>, but the <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">cheese</span>
               </span> still make <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="10">teeth show</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="16">Incognito</span>, is how you move on the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="17">strip</span>
               <br/>
            What you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> be <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="14">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Vito</span>
               </span>? <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Well there's rules to this <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="15">shit</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Don't get <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">clapped</span>
               </span>,
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-repetition="3">ya'll</span> ain't real
                    spitters, <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-repetition="2">ya'll</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1" data-slantrhyme="8">lips
                    chapped</span>
               <br/>
            Better <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="7">watch it</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assonance="6">Mr. Nicewatch</span>, don't <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="8"
                     data-rhyme="12"
                     data-slantrhyme="4">risk that</span>
               <br/>
            I got a <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">6 pack</span>
               </span> of
                bare <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11">skill</span> that I <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10">spill</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="8">like that</span>
               <br/>
            And everybody know <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="9">(That shit
                        crack!)</span>
               <br/>
            Ya'll niggas <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="15">softspoken</span>, down
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="14">below choking</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">The type to drop the <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-alliteration="17">soap</span>
               </span>
                when you <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="17"
                     data-alliteration="16"
                     data-rhyme="18 19">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">soakin'</span>
               </span> in front of <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="17 19">most men</span>
               <br/>
            There's makes sense why you want <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">beef</span>
               </span>, well this
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="19"
                     data-rhyme="17 18"
                     data-slantrhyme="22">frozen</span>
               <br/>
            It's nuts for you <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-assonance="21">screwed</span> in the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-assonance="20">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">tool</span>
               </span>, and can't
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-slantrhyme="19">hold <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial"> em</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Better shoot yourself
                <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-assimilation="24 26">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="sports">Plaxico</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, because I'm <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="24"
                     data-assimilation="23 26"
                     data-slantrhyme="25">next to go</span>
               <br/>
            The <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-slantrhyme="24">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Progressive</span> flows</span> from <span class="motif" data-type="geo">New York</span>
                to <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-assimilation="23 24">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">New
                        Mexico</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">My lyrical <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">span</span> is what the <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">fans</span> is
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4 5">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">demandin'</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Step into my box and that's exactly <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="syn"
                     data-word1="what"
                     data-word2="are"
                     data-word3="you">what'chu</span> 
               <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3 5">stand in</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Ain't no half <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3 4">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">steppin'</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="8">around me</span>
               <br/>
            And you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="9">drown</span> a fish before you <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="6">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7">clown</span>
                me</span>
               <br/>
            The young <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="10"
                     data-assonance="11 12"
                     data-rhyme="13">cop
                        killer</span>, \ I'm dat<span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assonance="10 12"> ill</span>, so <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="10 11">doc' will ya</span>
               <br/>
            Give me <span class="motif" data-type="guns">two shots</span> for <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">2Pac</span> killer</span>....nigga<br/>
               <br/>I'm a beast with <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="4">these flows</span>
               <br/>Two <span class="motif" data-type="women">birds</span>, one <span class="motif" data-type="weed">stoned</span>, you <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="3">get</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-alliteration="2">geese’d</span> when <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="7" data-slantrhyme="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">trees rolled</span>
               </span>
               <br/>They say I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="6">evil</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I
                    <span class="motif" data-type="success">trained my <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="6"
                        data-assimilation="5"
                        data-slantrhyme="7">ego</span> to <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="7"
                        data-assimilation="8 9"
                        data-rhyme="4"
                        data-slantrhyme="6">see <span class="motif" data-type="money">gold</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> he
                know, <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="7 9">seagulls</span>
                    couldn't <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="7 8">see these
                    goals</span>, please<br/>It's the return of the <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">beast coast</span>
               </span>
               <br/>No <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">cash</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">flashed</span>, but the <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">cheese</span>
               </span> still make <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="10">teeth show</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="16">Incognito</span>, is how you move on the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="17">strip</span>
               <br/>What you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> be <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="14">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Vito</span>
               </span>? <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Well there's rules to this <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="15">shit</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Don't get <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">clapped</span>
               </span>,
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-repetition="3">ya'll</span> ain't real
                    spitters, <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-repetition="2">ya'll</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1" data-slantrhyme="8">lips
                    chapped</span>
               <br/>Better <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="7">watch it</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assonance="6">Mr. Nicewatch</span>, don't <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="8"
                     data-rhyme="12"
                     data-slantrhyme="4">risk that</span>
               <br/>I got a <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">6 pack</span>
               </span> of
                bare <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11">skill</span> that I <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10">spill</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="8">like that</span>
               <br/>And everybody know <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="9">(That shit
                        crack!)</span>
               <br/>Ya'll niggas <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="15">softspoken</span>, down
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="14">below choking</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">The type to drop the <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-alliteration="17">soap</span>
               </span>
                when you <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="17"
                     data-alliteration="16"
                     data-rhyme="18 19">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">soakin'</span>
               </span> in front of <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="17 19">most men</span>
               <br/>There's makes sense why you want <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">beef</span>
               </span>, well this
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="19"
                     data-rhyme="17 18"
                     data-slantrhyme="22">frozen</span>
               <br/>It's nuts for you <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-assonance="21">screwed</span> in the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-assonance="20">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">tool</span>
               </span>, and can't
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-slantrhyme="19">hold <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial"> em</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Better shoot yourself
                <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-assimilation="24 26">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="sports">Plaxico</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, because I'm <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="24"
                     data-assimilation="23 26"
                     data-slantrhyme="25">next to go</span>
               <br/>The <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-slantrhyme="24">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Progressive</span> flows</span> from <span class="motif" data-type="geo">New York</span>
                to <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-assimilation="23 24">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">New
                        Mexico</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">My lyrical <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">span</span> is what the <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">fans</span> is
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4 5">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">demandin'</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>Step into my box and that's exactly <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="syn"
                     data-word1="what"
                     data-word2="are"
                     data-word3="you">what'chu</span> 
               <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3 5">stand in</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Ain't no half <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3 4">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">steppin'</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="8">around me</span>
               <br/>And you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="9">drown</span> a fish before you <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="6">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7">clown</span>
                me</span>
               <br/>The young <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="10"
                     data-assonance="11 12"
                     data-rhyme="13">cop
                        killer</span>, \ I'm dat<span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assonance="10 12"> ill</span>, so <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="10 11">doc' will ya</span>
               <br/>Give me <span class="motif" data-type="guns">two shots</span> for <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">2Pac</span> killer</span>....nigga<br/>
            Soul <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="5" data-slantrhyme="2">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">searchin'</span>
               </span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'til</span> my
                flows are <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">perfect</span>
               <br/>
            I ain't <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> be a slave to <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="4">grow</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="3">old</span> from <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="1">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">workin'</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Sorry <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">BADA$$</span>, you lucky that I <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8 9">peeped it second</span>
               <br/>
            Tell them niggas <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7 9">keep it <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">steppin'</span>
               </span> with they<span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="7 8">
                    beat selection</span>
               <br/>
            Check the <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11 12 13 16">melodies</span>, it's so
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10 12 13 16">heavenly</span>
               <br/>
            That shit'll get your hipster move with no <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="10 11 13 16">70s</span>
               <br/>
            Audi-opium, can I bust <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="10 11 12 16">soliloquies</span>
               <br/>
            Got that shit <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-alliteration="15">mix</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-alliteration="14">mastered</span> both <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="10 11 12 13">remedies</span>
               <br/>
            Grab a <span class="motif" data-type="food">spoonful</span>, we <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">stirrin'</span> up
                        a<span class="motif" data-type="food">pot</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And you know we <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">serve it while it's hot</span>
               <br/>
            I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="7 10">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">flowin'</span>
               </span> like a volcano and <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="5 10">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">drippin'</span>
               </span> verses off the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="9">top</span>
               <br/>
            Dirty <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-rhyme="8"
                     data-slantrhyme="11">cops</span>
                still <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="5 7">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">swervin'</span>
               </span> on the <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="9">block</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="14">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">Lookin'</span>
               </span> for <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="15 18">black kids,</span> that <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">spittin'</span>
               </span> up <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="13 18">acid</span>
               <br/>
            It's in my <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">jeans</span> so don't <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-alliteration="17">worry</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-alliteration="16">what</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-slantrhyme="13 15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">pants</span> is</span>
               <br/>
            Get with the <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="20">script</span> it's that
                ignorant <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-slantrhyme="19">shit</span>
               <br/>
            And they bound to get <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="22">sick</span> of us <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="22"
                     data-rhyme="21"
                     data-slantrhyme="23">quick</span> but I ain't <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">sealin'</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-slantrhyme="22">lips</span>
               <br/>
            It's a shift, I know you <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="3">feel it&gt;man</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">We <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">blowin'</span> up like a <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1">ceiling</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">Droppin'</span> off
                    <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">jewels</span> like <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="6">Killa</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="6"
                        data-alliteration="5"
                        data-assonance="7">Cam's</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="7"
                     data-assonance="6"
                     data-slantrhyme="8">man</span>
               <br/>
            When it comes to <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">kickin'</span> verses I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Mr. Van Damme</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">Crushin'</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="food">strawberries</span> it's a <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10 11">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">jam</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            So throw up both <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9 11">hands</span> if you
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="9 10">can</span>
               <br/>
            Ironic how <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'm <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">killin'</span> this shit</span>, until they
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="13">bury me</span>
               <br/>
            My volume is going in depth with <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12">longevity</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Stupids</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Soul <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="5" data-slantrhyme="2">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">searchin'</span>
               </span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'til</span> my
                flows are <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">perfect</span>
               <br/>I ain't <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> be a slave to <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="4">grow</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="3">old</span> from <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="1">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">workin'</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Sorry <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">BADA$$</span>, you lucky that I <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8 9">peeped it second</span>
               <br/>Tell them niggas <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7 9">keep it <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">steppin'</span>
               </span> with they<span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="7 8">
                    beat selection</span>
               <br/>Check the <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11 12 13 16">melodies</span>, it's so
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10 12 13 16">heavenly</span>
               <br/>That shit'll get your hipster move with no <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="10 11 13 16">70s</span>
               <br/>Audi-opium, can I bust <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="10 11 12 16">soliloquies</span>
               <br/>Got that shit <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-alliteration="15">mix</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-alliteration="14">mastered</span> both <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="10 11 12 13">remedies</span>
               <br/>Grab a <span class="motif" data-type="food">spoonful</span>, we <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">stirrin'</span> up
                        a<span class="motif" data-type="food">pot</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And you know we <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">serve it while it's hot</span>
               <br/>I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="7 10">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">flowin'</span>
               </span> like a volcano and <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="5 10">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">drippin'</span>
               </span> verses off the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="9">top</span>
               <br/>Dirty <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-rhyme="8"
                     data-slantrhyme="11">cops</span>
                still <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="5 7">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">swervin'</span>
               </span> on the <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="9">block</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="14">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">Lookin'</span>
               </span> for <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="15 18">black kids,</span> that <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">spittin'</span>
               </span> up <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="13 18">acid</span>
               <br/>It's in my <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">jeans</span> so don't <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-alliteration="17">worry</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-alliteration="16">what</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-slantrhyme="13 15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">pants</span> is</span>
               <br/>Get with the <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="20">script</span> it's that
                ignorant <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-slantrhyme="19">shit</span>
               <br/>And they bound to get <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="22">sick</span> of us <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="22"
                     data-rhyme="21"
                     data-slantrhyme="23">quick</span> but I ain't <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">sealin'</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-slantrhyme="22">lips</span>
               <br/>It's a shift, I know you <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="3">feel it&gt;man</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">We <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">blowin'</span> up like a <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1">ceiling</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">Droppin'</span> off
                    <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">jewels</span> like <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="6">Killa</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="6"
                        data-alliteration="5"
                        data-assonance="7">Cam's</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="7"
                     data-assonance="6"
                     data-slantrhyme="8">man</span>
               <br/>When it comes to <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">kickin'</span> verses I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Mr. Van Damme</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">Crushin'</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="food">strawberries</span> it's a <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10 11">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">jam</span>
               </span>
               <br/>So throw up both <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9 11">hands</span> if you
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="9 10">can</span>
               <br/>Ironic how <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'm <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">killin'</span> this shit</span>, until they
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="13">bury me</span>
               <br/>My volume is going in depth with <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12">longevity</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Stupids</span>
               <br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e2959">Hardknock</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/PkyO5qX3-6g"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
            Check it, word word<br/>
            What's the word word<br/>
            Yeah, check!<br/>
               <br/>Check it, word word<br/>What's the word word<br/>Yeah, check!<br/>
            Just got word from my mans on the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="1"
                     data-assonance="2"
                     data-slantrhyme="3 4">island</span>, he said he needed <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="2"
                     data-assonance="1"
                     data-rhyme="5 9">guidance</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Niggas on the streets is <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="1 4">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">wylin'</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, he look to God but
                can't <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="1 3">find him</span>
               <br/>
            So he demand <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-alliteration="6"
                     data-rhyme="2 9">silence</span>
                from the glaring <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="5">sirens</span>
               <br/>
            The <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">sympathy</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">symphony</span>, only thing playing is the
                banned <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-assonance="10"
                     data-rhyme="2 5">violence</span>
               <br/>
            No <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assonance="9">lying</span> niggas just won't
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assimilation="12 13 14">let go the
                            <span class="motif" data-type="guns">iron</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            They wanna burn your molecules until you <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assimilation="11 13 14">let go ions</span>
               <br/>
            Treat <span class="motif" data-type="food">beef</span> like they <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assimilation="11 12 14">let go lions</span>
               <br/>
            So don't <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-assimilation="11 12 13">eye <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">'em</span>
               </span> they get
                the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="16">wrong message</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="15">wrong methods</span>
               <br/>
            Put you on that long <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="1"
                     data-rhyme="2 6"
                     data-slantrhyme="3">stretcher</span>
               <br/>
            Too much <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 6">pressure</span>, God bless
                    ya
                when the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">semi</span>
                        wet'cha</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">They</span> told me "more <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="10">dress-up</span>" I'm giving <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-repetition="7">too
                    many</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="1 2">lectures</span>
               <br/>
            And I'm putting in <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-repetition="5">too many</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="9">effort</span> in my nouns and <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-assonance="8"
                     data-slantrhyme="11">verbs</span>
               <br/>
            Like "they <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="na"
                     data-position="final">gon'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">catch up</span>
               </span>" fuck what you
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">must heard</span>
               </span>!<br/>
            But I done <span class="motif" data-type="weed">puffed enough <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">herb</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            To be listening to <span class="motif" data-type="women">young <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="13"
                        data-rhyme="14"
                        data-slantrhyme="12">birds</span>
               </span> and <span class="motif" data-type="haters">dumb <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">nerds</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I got enough shit on my <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="16">mind</span>
               <br/>
            So I don't need to be stressing and <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-rhyme="17"
                     data-slantrhyme="15">shine</span>, it's <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">fine</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Just got word from my mans on the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="1"
                     data-assonance="2"
                     data-slantrhyme="3 4">island</span>, he said he needed <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="2"
                     data-assonance="1"
                     data-rhyme="5 9">guidance</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Niggas on the streets is <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="1 4">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">wylin'</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, he look to God but
                can't <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="1 3">find him</span>
               <br/>So he demand <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-alliteration="6"
                     data-rhyme="2 9">silence</span>
                from the glaring <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="5">sirens</span>
               <br/>The <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">sympathy</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">symphony</span>, only thing playing is the
                banned <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-assonance="10"
                     data-rhyme="2 5">violence</span>
               <br/>No <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assonance="9">lying</span> niggas just won't
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assimilation="12 13 14">let go the
                            <span class="motif" data-type="guns">iron</span>
               </span>
               <br/>They wanna burn your molecules until you <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assimilation="11 13 14">let go ions</span>
               <br/>Treat <span class="motif" data-type="food">beef</span> like they <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assimilation="11 12 14">let go lions</span>
               <br/>So don't <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-assimilation="11 12 13">eye <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">'em</span>
               </span> they get
                the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="16">wrong message</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="15">wrong methods</span>
               <br/>Put you on that long <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="1"
                     data-rhyme="2 6"
                     data-slantrhyme="3">stretcher</span>
               <br/>Too much <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 6">pressure</span>, God bless
                    ya
                when the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">semi</span>
                        wet'cha</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">They</span> told me "more <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="10">dress-up</span>" I'm giving <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-repetition="7">too
                    many</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="1 2">lectures</span>
               <br/>And I'm putting in <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-repetition="5">too many</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="9">effort</span> in my nouns and <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-assonance="8"
                     data-slantrhyme="11">verbs</span>
               <br/>Like "they <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="na"
                     data-position="final">gon'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">catch up</span>
               </span>" fuck what you
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">must heard</span>
               </span>!<br/>But I done <span class="motif" data-type="weed">puffed enough <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">herb</span>
               </span>
               <br/>To be listening to <span class="motif" data-type="women">young <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="13"
                        data-rhyme="14"
                        data-slantrhyme="12">birds</span>
               </span> and <span class="motif" data-type="haters">dumb <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">nerds</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I got enough shit on my <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="16">mind</span>
               <br/>So I don't need to be stressing and <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-rhyme="17"
                     data-slantrhyme="15">shine</span>, it's <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">fine</span>
               <br/>
            One day I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
               </span> have a
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">wife</span>
               </span>
                and <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="7">kids</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">So I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="5 6">live</span>
                    my <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="4 6">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="4 5">like</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="3">this</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And I ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="9">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
               </span> learn what
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assonance="8" data-rhyme="13">lifeless is</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">So I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-alliteration="11 12">live</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="10 12">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="10 11">like</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="9">this</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="money">I want the <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">
                     <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-consonance="16">gold</span>
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-consonance="17">chains</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-consonance="14">diamond</span>
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-consonance="15">rings</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">But I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="19 20">live</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-alliteration="18 20">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="20"
                        data-alliteration="18 19"
                        data-slantrhyme="22">like</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-slantrhyme="23">this</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And sometimes I just wanna <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-slantrhyme="20">light</span> this <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-slantrhyme="21">spliff</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">But I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-alliteration="25 26">live</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-alliteration="24 26">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-alliteration="24 25">like</span> this</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>One day I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
               </span> have a
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">wife</span>
               </span>
                and <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="7">kids</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">So I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="5 6">live</span>
                    my <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="4 6">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="4 5">like</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="3">this</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And I ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="9">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
               </span> learn what
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assonance="8" data-rhyme="13">lifeless is</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">So I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-alliteration="11 12">live</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="10 12">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="10 11">like</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="9">this</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="money">I want the <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">
                     <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-consonance="16">gold</span>
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-consonance="17">chains</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-consonance="14">diamond</span>
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-consonance="15">rings</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">But I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="19 20">live</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-alliteration="18 20">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="20"
                        data-alliteration="18 19"
                        data-slantrhyme="22">like</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-slantrhyme="23">this</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And sometimes I just wanna <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-slantrhyme="20">light</span> this <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-slantrhyme="21">spliff</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">But I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-alliteration="25 26">live</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-alliteration="24 26">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-alliteration="24 25">like</span> this</span>
               <br/>
            Got a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">collect</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">call</span> from up <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="6">top</span>
               <br/>
            My <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="5">cousin</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="4">called</span> me and what <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="3">not</span>
               <br/>
            The motto never changed it’s still fuck <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8">cops</span>
               <br/>
            We went from having <span class="motif" data-type="food">lunch</span> in our <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">lunchbox</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Our lungs was <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="11">hot</span> whenever we'd
                        <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="10"
                        data-alliteration="11"
                        data-slantrhyme="13">puff <span class="poetics"
                           data-num="11"
                           data-alliteration="10"
                           data-rhyme="9">pot</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            We'd touch <span class="poetics" data-num="12">blocks</span> and end up having to
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="10">duck <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="15">shots</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            But fuck <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14">dot</span>, ain’t trying live that
                life no <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="17">more</span>
               <br/>
            My mind corrupted but my heart is still <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="16">pure</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">Gotta</span> be <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4">brave</span> can’t be <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3 5">afraid</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="2 5">Braids</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1">waves</span> never matter when you catch the
                            <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="2 3">fade</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Trapped in a <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="7 8">maze</span>
               </span> and your <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assonance="6 8">faith</span> is your only <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="6 7">escape</span>
               <br/>
            Fuck a <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-consonance="10">priest’s</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="10"
                     data-assonance="11"
                     data-consonance="9">opinion</span>, knock the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="11"
                     data-alliteration="12"
                     data-assonance="10">hinges</span> off of <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="11">Heaven’s</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">gates</span>
               <br/>
            Trying to <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="14"
                     data-assimilation="15"
                     data-rhyme="13">share my cells with
                        <span class="motif" data-type="women">my mate</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-assimilation="14">not share a cell with mates</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-alliteration="17"
                     data-rhyme="18 19">Wrecking shit</span> with
                my <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="17"
                     data-alliteration="16"
                     data-rhyme="20">recklessness</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="16 19">The L get lit</span>
               </span> that’s
                when I start <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="16 18">second guessing
                shit</span>
               <br/>
            Thinking <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial">'bout</span> Ty and then I <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="17">reminisce</span>
               <br/>
            What <span class="motif" data-type="haters">you thought you niggas could’ve fuck me <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="22">over</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="22"
                     data-alliteration="23"
                     data-rhyme="21">Never</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-alliteration="22">nigga</span> guess <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="25">again</span>
               <br/>
            I’m street so cross me like <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-rhyme="24">pedestrians</span>
               <br/>
            And that’s <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="na"
                     data-position="final">gon'</span> be the <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-slantrhyme="27">end of it</span>,
                straight revoking your <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-slantrhyme="26">membership</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Got a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">collect</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">call</span> from up <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="6">top</span>
               <br/>My <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="5">cousin</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="4">called</span> me and what <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="3">not</span>
               <br/>The motto never changed it’s still fuck <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8">cops</span>
               <br/>We went from having <span class="motif" data-type="food">lunch</span> in our <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">lunchbox</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Our lungs was <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="11">hot</span> whenever we'd
                        <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="10"
                        data-alliteration="11"
                        data-slantrhyme="13">puff <span class="poetics"
                           data-num="11"
                           data-alliteration="10"
                           data-rhyme="9">pot</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>We'd touch <span class="poetics" data-num="12">blocks</span> and end up having to
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="10">duck <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="15">shots</span>
               </span>
               <br/>But fuck <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14">dot</span>, ain’t trying live that
                life no <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="17">more</span>
               <br/>My mind corrupted but my heart is still <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="16">pure</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">Gotta</span> be <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4">brave</span> can’t be <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3 5">afraid</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="2 5">Braids</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1">waves</span> never matter when you catch the
                            <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="2 3">fade</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Trapped in a <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="7 8">maze</span>
               </span> and your <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assonance="6 8">faith</span> is your only <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="6 7">escape</span>
               <br/>Fuck a <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-consonance="10">priest’s</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="10"
                     data-assonance="11"
                     data-consonance="9">opinion</span>, knock the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="11"
                     data-alliteration="12"
                     data-assonance="10">hinges</span> off of <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="11">Heaven’s</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">gates</span>
               <br/>Trying to <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="14"
                     data-assimilation="15"
                     data-rhyme="13">share my cells with
                        <span class="motif" data-type="women">my mate</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-assimilation="14">not share a cell with mates</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-alliteration="17"
                     data-rhyme="18 19">Wrecking shit</span> with
                my <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="17"
                     data-alliteration="16"
                     data-rhyme="20">recklessness</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="16 19">The L get lit</span>
               </span> that’s
                when I start <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="16 18">second guessing
                shit</span>
               <br/>Thinking <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial">'bout</span> Ty and then I <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="17">reminisce</span>
               <br/>What <span class="motif" data-type="haters">you thought you niggas could’ve fuck me <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="22">over</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="22"
                     data-alliteration="23"
                     data-rhyme="21">Never</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-alliteration="22">nigga</span> guess <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="25">again</span>
               <br/>I’m street so cross me like <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-rhyme="24">pedestrians</span>
               <br/>And that’s <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="na"
                     data-position="final">gon'</span> be the <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-slantrhyme="27">end of it</span>,
                straight revoking your <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-slantrhyme="26">membership</span>
               <br/>
            One day I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
               </span> have a
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">wife</span>
               </span>
                and <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="7">kids</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">So I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="5 6">live</span>
                    my <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="4 6">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="4 5">like</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="3">this</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And I ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="9">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
               </span> learn what
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assonance="8" data-rhyme="13">lifeless is</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">So I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-alliteration="11 12">live</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="10 12">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="10 11">like</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="9">this</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I want the <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">
                     <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-consonance="16">gold</span>
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-consonance="17">chains</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-consonance="14">diamond</span>
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-consonance="15">rings</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">But I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="19 20">live</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-alliteration="18 20">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="20"
                        data-alliteration="18 19"
                        data-slantrhyme="22">like</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-slantrhyme="23">this</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And sometimes I just wanna <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-slantrhyme="20">light</span> this <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-slantrhyme="21">spliff</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">But I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-alliteration="25 26">live</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-alliteration="24 26">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-alliteration="24 25">like</span> this</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>One day I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
               </span> have a
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">wife</span>
               </span>
                and <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="7">kids</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">So I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="5 6">live</span>
                    my <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="4 6">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="4 5">like</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="3">this</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And I ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="9">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
               </span> learn what
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assonance="8" data-rhyme="13">lifeless is</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">So I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-alliteration="11 12">live</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="10 12">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="10 11">like</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="9">this</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I want the <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">
                     <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-consonance="16">gold</span>
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-consonance="17">chains</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-consonance="14">diamond</span>
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-consonance="15">rings</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">But I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="19 20">live</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-alliteration="18 20">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="20"
                        data-alliteration="18 19"
                        data-slantrhyme="22">like</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-slantrhyme="23">this</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And sometimes I just wanna <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-slantrhyme="20">light</span> this <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-slantrhyme="21">spliff</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">But I just can't <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-alliteration="25 26">live</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-alliteration="24 26">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-alliteration="24 25">like</span> this</span>
               <br/>
            Niggas wanna <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">know</span> what I’m <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">about</span>, I’m <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-alliteration="4"
                     data-slantrhyme="5 11">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="a"
                        data-position="initial">bout</span>
               </span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="3">blowing</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="3 11">loud</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            On the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="8">block</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="9">sporty</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="guns">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="6">Glock</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7">40</span>
               </span> in a <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="12 13 14">politician</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="3 5">mouth</span>
               <br/>
            I take the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="10 13 14">competition</span>
                    out
                <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="10 12 14">commission</span> with my <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="10 12 13">composition</span>
               <br/>
            Who the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-assonance="16">kid</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-assonance="15">spitting</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-alliteration="18">behind</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="17">bars</span> like a <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="20">con position</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">Gotta</span> give <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> time to
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19">listen</span>, they’ll soon bump to
                it<br/>
            They’ll like me, I kick it <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">like</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">Nike</span>
               </span> they’ll soon
                adjust <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4 7 8">to it</span>
               <br/>
            But <span class="motif" data-type="haters">if you hate</span> I know you must <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3 7 8">do it</span>
               <br/>
            I ain’t <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="6">mad at you</span> I keep my
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="5">attitude</span> on "<span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="3 4 8">screw it</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="money">a million bucks</span> should <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="3 4 7">do it</span>"<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">I’m out for <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="11">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="money">presidents</span>
                  </span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="9">represent</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="13 15">me</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Yo chick</span> keep <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="14">messaging me</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="success">who the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="10 15">bestest MC</span>? They be <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12">mentioning me</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Too hot, I be <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="10 13">molesting the
                    beat</span>, fuck math<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-assimilation="17">Teachers</span> should <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-assimilation="16">teach us</span> to get <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Smith and <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="20">Wesson’s</span>
               </span> off of the <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-assonance="21">street</span>
               <br/>
            So first class be a <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="18">lesson</span> for <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-assonance="19">me</span>
               <br/>
            Fuck what you <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4">teaching</span> for some <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assimilation="3">regents</span>, I'm <span class="motif" data-type="success">flying over <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assimilation="2">regions</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1">Reaching</span>, all time highs where <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">Jesus</span> can’t <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">reach us</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">Step to me</span> and get the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="8"
                     data-assimilation="9"
                     data-rhyme="7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">recipe</span>
               </span> to make you
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="8">rest in
                    peace</span>
               <br/>
            This is for my <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11 12">niggas</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10 12">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="guns">killers</span>
                  </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="10 11">hundred dollar billers</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            On the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14 16 17">block</span> in the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="14"
                     data-assonance="15 16 17"
                     data-rhyme="13 16 17">rock</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-assonance="14 16 17">spot</span>,
                        <span class="motif" data-type="guns">
                  <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="16"
                        data-assonance="14 15 17"
                        data-rhyme="13 14 17">Glock</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="17"
                        data-alliteration="18"
                        data-assonance="14 15 16"
                        data-rhyme="13 14 16">cocked</span>
               </span> watching out for <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="17">cops</span>
               <br/>
            All about their <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="22 23">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">cheddar</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, young <span class="motif" data-type="guns">guns</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-alliteration="21">know</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-alliteration="20">nothing</span> that’s <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="19 23">better</span>
               <br/>
            Like fuck a prison <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="19 22">letter</span>, those
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-slantrhyme="25">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Beretta’s</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="25"
                     data-assimilation="26"
                     data-slantrhyme="24">led us</span> to the
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="26"
                     data-assonance="27"
                     data-assimilation="25">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">lettuce</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="food">Relish</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="27"
                     data-assonance="26"
                     data-slantrhyme="28">fetishes</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="28" data-slantrhyme="27">menaces</span> want the <span class="poetics" data-num="29" data-slantrhyme="30">senator’s</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="30"
                     data-alliteration="31"
                     data-slantrhyme="29">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">percentages</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">If you ain't <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="31"
                        data-alliteration="30"
                        data-rhyme="32 33 34">prejudice</span> you still a <span class="poetics" data-num="32" data-rhyme="31 33 34">nemesis</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Smoking on the <span class="poetics" data-num="33" data-rhyme="31 32 34">Clematis</span>
               </span>, get open like a <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="34"
                     data-assimilation="35 36 37"
                     data-rhyme="31 32 33">present is</span>
               <br/>
            Now your <span class="poetics" data-num="35" data-assimilation="34 36 37">presence is</span> on
                the <span class="poetics" data-num="36" data-assimilation="34 35 37">premises</span> for them
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="37" data-assimilation="34 35 36">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">presidents</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="geo">My city</span> be the <span class="poetics" data-num="38" data-rhyme="39">genesis</span> for where they think the <span class="poetics" data-num="39" data-rhyme="38">terror is</span>
               <br/>
            They <span class="poetics" data-num="40" data-assimilation="41">linking
                        terrorists</span> from the <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Stuy</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="41" data-assimilation="40">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Lincoln Terraces</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Stay on that reckless shit, they <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">leave</span> you <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">left</span> for
                the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="5 7">dead</span>
               <br/>
            Kids don’t play they’ll <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assimilation="6">erase</span> your <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3 7">head</span> in <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="4">a
                    race</span> for the <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="3 5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">bread</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Children on the corners <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="11">slinging some
                            <span class="motif" data-type="weed">regs</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10">popping some meds</span>
               <br/>
            Jakes be so deep in cover they be <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9">chasing the feds</span>
               <br/>
            I be back stage <span class="motif" data-type="weed">gripping haze</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="8">breaking my leg</span>
               <br/>
            My folks was <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">making the best</span>
                    when they was <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="12">naked in bed</span>,
                    muthafucka<br/>
               <br/>Niggas wanna <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">know</span> what I’m <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">about</span>, I’m <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-alliteration="4"
                     data-slantrhyme="5 11">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="a"
                        data-position="initial">bout</span>
               </span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="3">blowing</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="3 11">loud</span>
               </span>
               <br/>On the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="8">block</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="9">sporty</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="guns">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="6">Glock</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7">40</span>
               </span> in a <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="12 13 14">politician</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="3 5">mouth</span>
               <br/>I take the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="10 13 14">competition</span>
                    out
                <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="10 12 14">commission</span> with my <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="10 12 13">composition</span>
               <br/>Who the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-assonance="16">kid</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-assonance="15">spitting</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-alliteration="18">behind</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="17">bars</span> like a <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="20">con position</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">Gotta</span> give <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> time to
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19">listen</span>, they’ll soon bump to
                it<br/>They’ll like me, I kick it <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">like</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">Nike</span>
               </span> they’ll soon
                adjust <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4 7 8">to it</span>
               <br/>But <span class="motif" data-type="haters">if you hate</span> I know you must <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3 7 8">do it</span>
               <br/>I ain’t <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="6">mad at you</span> I keep my
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="5">attitude</span> on "<span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="3 4 8">screw it</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="money">a million bucks</span> should <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="3 4 7">do it</span>"<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">I’m out for <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="11">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="money">presidents</span>
                  </span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="9">represent</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="13 15">me</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Yo chick</span> keep <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="14">messaging me</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="success">who the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="10 15">bestest MC</span>? They be <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12">mentioning me</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Too hot, I be <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="10 13">molesting the
                    beat</span>, fuck math<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-assimilation="17">Teachers</span> should <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-assimilation="16">teach us</span> to get <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Smith and <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="20">Wesson’s</span>
               </span> off of the <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-assonance="21">street</span>
               <br/>So first class be a <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="18">lesson</span> for <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-assonance="19">me</span>
               <br/>Fuck what you <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4">teaching</span> for some <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assimilation="3">regents</span>, I'm <span class="motif" data-type="success">flying over <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assimilation="2">regions</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1">Reaching</span>, all time highs where <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">Jesus</span> can’t <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">reach us</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">Step to me</span> and get the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="8"
                     data-assimilation="9"
                     data-rhyme="7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">recipe</span>
               </span> to make you
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="8">rest in
                    peace</span>
               <br/>This is for my <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11 12">niggas</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10 12">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="guns">killers</span>
                  </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="10 11">hundred dollar billers</span>
               </span>
               <br/>On the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14 16 17">block</span> in the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="14"
                     data-assonance="15 16 17"
                     data-rhyme="13 16 17">rock</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-assonance="14 16 17">spot</span>,
                        <span class="motif" data-type="guns">
                  <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="16"
                        data-assonance="14 15 17"
                        data-rhyme="13 14 17">Glock</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="17"
                        data-alliteration="18"
                        data-assonance="14 15 16"
                        data-rhyme="13 14 16">cocked</span>
               </span> watching out for <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="17">cops</span>
               <br/>All about their <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="22 23">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">cheddar</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, young <span class="motif" data-type="guns">guns</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-alliteration="21">know</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-alliteration="20">nothing</span> that’s <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="19 23">better</span>
               <br/>Like fuck a prison <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="19 22">letter</span>, those
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-slantrhyme="25">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Beretta’s</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="25"
                     data-assimilation="26"
                     data-slantrhyme="24">led us</span> to the
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="26"
                     data-assonance="27"
                     data-assimilation="25">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">lettuce</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="food">Relish</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="27"
                     data-assonance="26"
                     data-slantrhyme="28">fetishes</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="28" data-slantrhyme="27">menaces</span> want the <span class="poetics" data-num="29" data-slantrhyme="30">senator’s</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="30"
                     data-alliteration="31"
                     data-slantrhyme="29">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">percentages</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">If you ain't <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="31"
                        data-alliteration="30"
                        data-rhyme="32 33 34">prejudice</span> you still a <span class="poetics" data-num="32" data-rhyme="31 33 34">nemesis</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Smoking on the <span class="poetics" data-num="33" data-rhyme="31 32 34">Clematis</span>
               </span>, get open like a <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="34"
                     data-assimilation="35 36 37"
                     data-rhyme="31 32 33">present is</span>
               <br/>Now your <span class="poetics" data-num="35" data-assimilation="34 36 37">presence is</span> on
                the <span class="poetics" data-num="36" data-assimilation="34 35 37">premises</span> for them
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="37" data-assimilation="34 35 36">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">presidents</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="geo">My city</span> be the <span class="poetics" data-num="38" data-rhyme="39">genesis</span> for where they think the <span class="poetics" data-num="39" data-rhyme="38">terror is</span>
               <br/>They <span class="poetics" data-num="40" data-assimilation="41">linking
                        terrorists</span> from the <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Stuy</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="41" data-assimilation="40">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Lincoln Terraces</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Stay on that reckless shit, they <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">leave</span> you <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">left</span> for
                the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="5 7">dead</span>
               <br/>Kids don’t play they’ll <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assimilation="6">erase</span> your <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3 7">head</span> in <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="4">a
                    race</span> for the <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="3 5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">bread</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>Children on the corners <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="11">slinging some
                            <span class="motif" data-type="weed">regs</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10">popping some meds</span>
               <br/>Jakes be so deep in cover they be <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9">chasing the feds</span>
               <br/>I be back stage <span class="motif" data-type="weed">gripping haze</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="8">breaking my leg</span>
               <br/>My folks was <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">making the best</span>
                    when they was <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="12">naked in bed</span>,
                    muthafucka<br/>
            One day I'm <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> have a <span class="motif" data-type="women">wife</span> and kids<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">So I just can't live my life like this</span>
               <br/>
            And I ain't <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> learn what lifeless is<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">So I just can't live my life like this</span>
               <br/>
            I want the <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">gold chains and diamond
                    rings</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">But I just can't live my life like this</span>
               <br/>
            And sometimes I just wanna <span class="motif" data-type="weed">light this spliff</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">But I just can't live my life like this</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>One day I'm <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> have a <span class="motif" data-type="women">wife</span> and kids<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">So I just can't live my life like this</span>
               <br/>And I ain't <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> learn what lifeless is<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">So I just can't live my life like this</span>
               <br/>I want the <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">gold chains and diamond
                    rings</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">But I just can't live my life like this</span>
               <br/>And sometimes I just wanna <span class="motif" data-type="weed">light this spliff</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">But I just can't live my life like this</span>
               <br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e4057">World Domination</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/8wQ-7ft9ya0"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
            Say <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Brain</span>, what do you wanna do
                tonight?<br/>
            The same thing we do every night <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Pinky</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Try to take over the world</span>
               <br/>

            Who the fuck is this <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Joey Bada$$</span> nigga son?<br/>
               <br/>Say <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Brain</span>, what do you wanna do
                tonight?<br/>The same thing we do every night <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Pinky</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Try to take over the world</span>
               <br/>Who the fuck is this <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Joey Bada$$</span> nigga son?<br/>
            Aye yo who the fuck passed you the <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-repetition="4">mic</span>
               <br/>
            And said that you could <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3">flow</span>?<br/>
            Point <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                out <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitch</span> I wanna <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="2">know</span>
               <br/>
            Who the fuck passed you the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-repetition="1">mic</span>?<br/>

            Check! <br/>
               <br/>Aye yo who the fuck passed you the <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-repetition="4">mic</span>
               <br/>And said that you could <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3">flow</span>?<br/>Point <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                out <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitch</span> I wanna <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="2">know</span>
               <br/>Who the fuck passed you the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-repetition="1">mic</span>?<br/>Check! <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">Puffin'</span>
                    on <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4 5 7">stramonium</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Underground</span> like <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="3">potholes</span> but going <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="2">fossil</span>
               <br/>
            These bars like art in the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1 5 7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Smithsonian</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            These flows is for <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-rhyme="1 4 7"
                     data-slantrhyme="6">custodians</span>, homeless men, <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">horny
                    OBGYN</span> dudes<br/>
            Browsing my laptop <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">lookin'</span> at <span class="motif" data-type="women">red <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="1 4 5">fallopian</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="9 10 11 12">tube</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            They like "Yo <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="8 10 11 12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Joey</span> you rude</span>"<br/>
            I'm like "If <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="8 9 11 12">only you knew</span>
                I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="8 9 10 12">only in school</span> for
                cosmology<br/>
            That's why I act as <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="8 9 10 11">lonely as
                    you</span>"<br/>
            You see I'm wise behind my <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">years</span> and my
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">peers</span>
               <br/>
            So my voice over the snares is the only way they <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">hear</span>
               <br/>
            What I got behind my <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-assimilation="6"
                     data-rhyme="5">membrane</span>, but I've been <span class="motif" data-type="weed">smoking <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4">chem strains</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            So lately I've been having hard times with <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="4">remembering</span>
               <br/>
            But be <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8">patient</span>, my studies prove
                        <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Egyptians</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">ain't shit</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I
                believe that we could be like <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Neo</span> in the
                    <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Matrix</span>
               <br/>
            But fuck it, I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11 12 13 18">erratic</span>,
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">momma</span> lock me in the <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10 12 13 18">attic</span> please<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">Til</span> I draw
                enough <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="10 11 13 18">static</span> in my <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="13"
                     data-assonance="14"
                     data-rhyme="10 11 12 18">somatic</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-assonance="13">anatomy</span>
               <br/>
            And come out <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-assonance="16">imputed</span> with <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-assonance="15"
                     data-slantrhyme="17">fusions</span> of <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="16">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Blueprints</span>
               </span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="10 11 12 13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Illmatics</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I’ve been going <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">raw</span>, this just how
                I feel <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="2"
                     data-alliteration="1"
                     data-slantrhyme="3">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">rappin'</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            We gave y'all <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">sur'
                        tactics</span>
               </span>, so y'all can’t even <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="5">gas us</span>
               <br/>
            We taught you how to be prepared but still <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">attacking the masses</span>
               <br/>
            Y'all better get y'all caskets
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span>
                we <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial">'bout</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="7 8">annihilate</span>
               <br/>
            (The New Babylon Era) My <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="6 8">empire gate’s</span> in the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="6 7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Empire State</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I’m on the higer <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="10 11">platform</span>, look at the way they <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="9 11">clap for <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="th"
                           data-position="initial">'em</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Never fuck with <span class="motif" data-type="haters">phony men</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I
                don’t like my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assimilation="9 10">back torn</span>
               <br/>
            Nigga ask<span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Kwon</span>
               </span> - this that <span class="motif" data-type="food">top <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="12">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">ramen'</span>
                  </span>
               </span> you ain’t <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-assonance="15">used to</span>
               <br/>
            Keep it <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="15"
                     data-assonance="14"
                     data-rhyme="16 17">neutral</span> to
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15 17">scruple</span> and tell <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> no
                        <span class="motif" data-type="food">beef</span> like <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="15 16">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">noodles</span>
               </span>!!<br/>

            Keep it <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="19">neutral</span>, just so you can <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="18">scruple</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">Puffin'</span>
                    on <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4 5 7">stramonium</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Underground</span> like <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="3">potholes</span> but going <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="2">fossil</span>
               <br/>These bars like art in the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1 5 7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Smithsonian</span>
               </span>
               <br/>These flows is for <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-rhyme="1 4 7"
                     data-slantrhyme="6">custodians</span>, homeless men, <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">horny
                    OBGYN</span> dudes<br/>Browsing my laptop <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">lookin'</span> at <span class="motif" data-type="women">red <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="1 4 5">fallopian</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="9 10 11 12">tube</span>
               </span>
               <br/>They like "Yo <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="8 10 11 12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Joey</span> you rude</span>"<br/>I'm like "If <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="8 9 11 12">only you knew</span>
                I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="8 9 10 12">only in school</span> for
                cosmology<br/>That's why I act as <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="8 9 10 11">lonely as
                    you</span>"<br/>You see I'm wise behind my <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">years</span> and my
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">peers</span>
               <br/>So my voice over the snares is the only way they <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">hear</span>
               <br/>What I got behind my <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-assimilation="6"
                     data-rhyme="5">membrane</span>, but I've been <span class="motif" data-type="weed">smoking <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4">chem strains</span>
               </span>
               <br/>So lately I've been having hard times with <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="4">remembering</span>
               <br/>But be <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8">patient</span>, my studies prove
                        <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Egyptians</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">ain't shit</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I
                believe that we could be like <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Neo</span> in the
                    <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Matrix</span>
               <br/>But fuck it, I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11 12 13 18">erratic</span>,
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">momma</span> lock me in the <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10 12 13 18">attic</span> please<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">Til</span> I draw
                enough <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="10 11 13 18">static</span> in my <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="13"
                     data-assonance="14"
                     data-rhyme="10 11 12 18">somatic</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-assonance="13">anatomy</span>
               <br/>And come out <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-assonance="16">imputed</span> with <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-assonance="15"
                     data-slantrhyme="17">fusions</span> of <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="16">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Blueprints</span>
               </span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="10 11 12 13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Illmatics</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I’ve been going <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">raw</span>, this just how
                I feel <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="2"
                     data-alliteration="1"
                     data-slantrhyme="3">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">rappin'</span>
               </span>
               <br/>We gave y'all <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">sur'
                        tactics</span>
               </span>, so y'all can’t even <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="5">gas us</span>
               <br/>We taught you how to be prepared but still <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">attacking the masses</span>
               <br/>Y'all better get y'all caskets
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span>
                we <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial">'bout</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="7 8">annihilate</span>
               <br/>(The New Babylon Era) My <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="6 8">empire gate’s</span> in the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="6 7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Empire State</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I’m on the higer <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="10 11">platform</span>, look at the way they <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="9 11">clap for <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="th"
                           data-position="initial">'em</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>Never fuck with <span class="motif" data-type="haters">phony men</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I
                don’t like my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assimilation="9 10">back torn</span>
               <br/>Nigga ask<span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Kwon</span>
               </span> - this that <span class="motif" data-type="food">top <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="12">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">ramen'</span>
                  </span>
               </span> you ain’t <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-assonance="15">used to</span>
               <br/>Keep it <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="15"
                     data-assonance="14"
                     data-rhyme="16 17">neutral</span> to
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15 17">scruple</span> and tell <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> no
                        <span class="motif" data-type="food">beef</span> like <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="15 16">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">noodles</span>
               </span>!!<br/>Keep it <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="19">neutral</span>, just so you can <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="18">scruple</span>
               <br/>
            I tell <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                no <span class="motif" data-type="food">beef</span> like <span class="motif" data-type="food">noodles</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">It’s world <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">domination</span>, (nation) you’re tuned into my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1" data-slantrhyme="3">station</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Always got a <span class="motif" data-type="weed">doobie</span> and a motherfucking <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">eighth lit</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Always got the<span class="motif" data-type="weed">trees</span>, so what the fuck you <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="5">mean</span>
               <br/>
            I ain’t about to rise to the top with my fucking <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">team</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>I tell <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                no <span class="motif" data-type="food">beef</span> like <span class="motif" data-type="food">noodles</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">It’s world <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">domination</span>, (nation) you’re tuned into my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1" data-slantrhyme="3">station</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Always got a <span class="motif" data-type="weed">doobie</span> and a motherfucking <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">eighth lit</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Always got the<span class="motif" data-type="weed">trees</span>, so what the fuck you <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="5">mean</span>
               <br/>I ain’t about to rise to the top with my fucking <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">team</span>
               <br/>
            Aye yo who the fuck passed you the mic<br/>
            And said that you could flow?<br/>
            Point <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                out <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitch</span> I wanna know<br/>
            Who the fuck passed you the mic?<br/>
            Aye yo who the fuck passed you the mic<br/>
            And said that you could flow?<br/>
            Point <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                out <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitch</span> I wanna know<br/>
            Who the fuck passed you the&gt;mic?<br/>
               <br/>Aye yo who the fuck passed you the mic<br/>And said that you could flow?<br/>Point <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                out <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitch</span> I wanna know<br/>Who the fuck passed you the mic?<br/>Aye yo who the fuck passed you the mic<br/>And said that you could flow?<br/>Point <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                out <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitch</span> I wanna know<br/>Who the fuck passed you the&gt;mic?<br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e4494">Pennyroyal</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/utHSRId7jls"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
            Yeah<br/>
               <br/>Yeah<br/>
            Another love song <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">gone</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">wrong</span>
               <br/>
            Should've known you were a <span class="motif" data-type="women">woo</span>, like <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Based <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="4">God</span>
               </span> in <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">Wonton</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            But I <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="6">didn't</span>, and I ain't even
                tripping<br/>
            Another <span class="motif" data-type="sports">foul ball</span> but I'm still glad I <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">hit it</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> a lot
                of niggas didn't you know - the coulda shoulda <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="10">type</span>
               <br/>
            Like "Oh, it was <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="9">slight</span> too <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8">tight</span>, come on, I would've <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="7">piped</span>
               <br/>
            But our schedules contradicted we're always <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="13 14">tied down</span>"<br/>
            Ay <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-repetition="13">pipe down</span>, the first night ya
                boy layed the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="13"
                     data-repetition="12"
                     data-rhyme="11 14">pipe
                        down</span>
               <br/>
            Took off the <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="11 13">night gown</span> and,
                    pulled out the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="16">slinky</span>
               <br/>
            She screamed "<span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Joey</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-rhyme="17 18"
                     data-slantrhyme="15">spank
                me</span>!"<br/>
            And after that <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> even <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16 18">thanked me</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="16 17">swanky</span>!<br/>
            One time for my nigga <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Dymes</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Lord knows we be kicking <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">rhymes</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'til</span> the end
                of <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">time</span>
               <br/>
            But, back to the topic, oh yeah I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5 6">pissed
                    off</span>
               <br/>
            I'm still <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4 6">tripped off</span> and wondering why
                my <span class="motif" data-type="women">shorty</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="4 5">dipped off</span>
               <br/>
            I ain't gonna front a nigga do miss <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8 9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">lip gloss</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Now <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> sucks the next nigga <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7 9">dick off</span> and my <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="7 8">dick soft</span>
               <br/>
            So tell me what the fuck I'm 'posed <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11 12">to
                    do</span>
               <br/>
            And you know <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">it ain't too easy getting <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10 12">over you</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I sent them postcards so you know it's <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="12"
                     data-rhyme="10 11"
                     data-slantrhyme="13">true</span>
               <br/>
            I promise that I wouldn't get <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="12">emotional</span>
               <br/>
            And I'm not, so <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-repetition="4" data-rhyme="2">stop
                it</span>
               <br/>
            Why you front like you don't miss my whole <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1" data-slantrhyme="3">cockpit</span> down yo <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="2">esophagus</span>
               <br/>
            Screaming daddy <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-repetition="1">stop it</span>,
                    ripping out your <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="7">tracks</span>
               <br/>
            Chipped nail polishing in the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="7">scratches</span> on my <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assonance="6" data-rhyme="5">back</span> like<br/>
            Did you forget about the time we had the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">sticky rolled</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And I tried to suck your <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="8">titty-hole</span> for <span class="motif" data-type="food">milk</span> for my <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">cheerios</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Did you forget about the <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10">video</span>
                    when you first <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="13 14 15">came</span>
               <br/>
            I hit that spot twice and since then you haven't been the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12 14 15">same</span>
               <br/>
            But now I heard you fucking with some new man<br/>
            Can't remember his <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12 13 15">name</span> but my
                first impression, "What a <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="12 13 14">lame</span>"<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="17">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">Lorraine</span>
               </span> said
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> seen him at a <span class="motif" data-type="sports">bowling <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">lane</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Walking out the bathroom kinda <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">strange</span> with his shoulder <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">stained</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Faggot</span>, 6 months, and I'm still <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">at it</span>
               <br/>
            You'll probably never hear this track but I still <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-assimilation="5"
                     data-rhyme="3">rapped it</span>
               <br/>
            I guess I'm still <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="4">attracted</span> to
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">you</span> being <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="8 9 12">here</span>
               <br/>
            I swear I can't imagine <span class="motif" data-type="women">you</span> would not even <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="10">care</span>
               <br/>
            Whole thing played out like magic and it’s kinda <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="6 9 12">weird</span>
               <br/>
            It's like I did a trick and <span class="motif" data-type="women">you</span> won't <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="6 8 12">reappear</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It ain't <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="10"
                        data-rhyme="7"
                        data-slantrhyme="11">fair</span>,
                    I need <span class="motif" data-type="women">you</span> back sometimes I get <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="10">scared</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            But I'm a player, ain't gonna let you see my <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="6 8 9">tears</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Another love song <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">gone</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">wrong</span>
               <br/>Should've known you were a <span class="motif" data-type="women">woo</span>, like <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Based <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="4">God</span>
               </span> in <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">Wonton</span>
               </span>
               <br/>But I <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="6">didn't</span>, and I ain't even
                tripping<br/>Another <span class="motif" data-type="sports">foul ball</span> but I'm still glad I <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">hit it</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> a lot
                of niggas didn't you know - the coulda shoulda <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="10">type</span>
               <br/>Like "Oh, it was <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="9">slight</span> too <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8">tight</span>, come on, I would've <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="7">piped</span>
               <br/>But our schedules contradicted we're always <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="13 14">tied down</span>"<br/>Ay <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-repetition="13">pipe down</span>, the first night ya
                boy layed the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="13"
                     data-repetition="12"
                     data-rhyme="11 14">pipe
                        down</span>
               <br/>Took off the <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="11 13">night gown</span> and,
                    pulled out the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="16">slinky</span>
               <br/>She screamed "<span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Joey</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-rhyme="17 18"
                     data-slantrhyme="15">spank
                me</span>!"<br/>And after that <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> even <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16 18">thanked me</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="16 17">swanky</span>!<br/>One time for my nigga <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Dymes</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Lord knows we be kicking <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">rhymes</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'til</span> the end
                of <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">time</span>
               <br/>But, back to the topic, oh yeah I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5 6">pissed
                    off</span>
               <br/>I'm still <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4 6">tripped off</span> and wondering why
                my <span class="motif" data-type="women">shorty</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="4 5">dipped off</span>
               <br/>I ain't gonna front a nigga do miss <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8 9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">lip gloss</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Now <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> sucks the next nigga <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7 9">dick off</span> and my <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="7 8">dick soft</span>
               <br/>So tell me what the fuck I'm 'posed <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11 12">to
                    do</span>
               <br/>And you know <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">it ain't too easy getting <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10 12">over you</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I sent them postcards so you know it's <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="12"
                     data-rhyme="10 11"
                     data-slantrhyme="13">true</span>
               <br/>I promise that I wouldn't get <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="12">emotional</span>
               <br/>And I'm not, so <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-repetition="4" data-rhyme="2">stop
                it</span>
               <br/>Why you front like you don't miss my whole <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1" data-slantrhyme="3">cockpit</span> down yo <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="2">esophagus</span>
               <br/>Screaming daddy <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-repetition="1">stop it</span>,
                    ripping out your <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="7">tracks</span>
               <br/>Chipped nail polishing in the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="7">scratches</span> on my <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assonance="6" data-rhyme="5">back</span> like<br/>Did you forget about the time we had the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">sticky rolled</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And I tried to suck your <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="8">titty-hole</span> for <span class="motif" data-type="food">milk</span> for my <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">cheerios</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Did you forget about the <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10">video</span>
                    when you first <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="13 14 15">came</span>
               <br/>I hit that spot twice and since then you haven't been the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12 14 15">same</span>
               <br/>But now I heard you fucking with some new man<br/>Can't remember his <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12 13 15">name</span> but my
                first impression, "What a <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="12 13 14">lame</span>"<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="17">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">Lorraine</span>
               </span> said
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> seen him at a <span class="motif" data-type="sports">bowling <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">lane</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Walking out the bathroom kinda <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">strange</span> with his shoulder <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">stained</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Faggot</span>, 6 months, and I'm still <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">at it</span>
               <br/>You'll probably never hear this track but I still <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-assimilation="5"
                     data-rhyme="3">rapped it</span>
               <br/>I guess I'm still <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="4">attracted</span> to
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">you</span> being <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="8 9 12">here</span>
               <br/>I swear I can't imagine <span class="motif" data-type="women">you</span> would not even <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="10">care</span>
               <br/>Whole thing played out like magic and it’s kinda <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="6 9 12">weird</span>
               <br/>It's like I did a trick and <span class="motif" data-type="women">you</span> won't <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="6 8 12">reappear</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It ain't <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="10"
                        data-rhyme="7"
                        data-slantrhyme="11">fair</span>,
                    I need <span class="motif" data-type="women">you</span> back sometimes I get <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="10">scared</span>
               </span>
               <br/>But I'm a player, ain't gonna let you see my <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="6 8 9">tears</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I'm a
                player, ain't gonna let you see my tears<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I'm a
                player, ain't gonna let you see my tears<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I'm a
                player, ain't gonna let you see my tears<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I'm a
                player<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I'm a
                player, ain't gonna let you see my tears<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I'm a
                player, ain't gonna let you see my tears<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I'm a
                player, ain't gonna let you see my tears<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I'm a
                player<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">I couldn't see it coming down <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">my</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">eye</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">So I had to make the song <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">cry</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">I couldn't see it coming down my eye</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">So I got to make the song </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">I couldn't see it coming downmy eye</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">So I had to make the song </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">I couldn't see it coming down my eye</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">So I got to make the song cry</span>
               <br/>
            Yeah<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">I couldn't see it coming down <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">my</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">eye</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">So I had to make the song <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">cry</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">I couldn't see it coming down my eye</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">So I got to make the song </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">I couldn't see it coming downmy eye</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">So I had to make the song </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">I couldn't see it coming down my eye</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">So I got to make the song cry</span>
               <br/>Yeah<br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e4932">Funky Ho'$</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/8bhNe8aypak"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
            Aight fuck that, word word<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Lord Finnesse</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assimilation="2 3">Jayo</span> its been my jail since a <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assimilation="1 3">day old</span> but <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assimilation="1 2">they know</span>
               <br/>
            Yea this ones for the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">ladies</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Who be <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> have my <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">baby</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Aight fuck that, word word<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Lord Finnesse</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assimilation="2 3">Jayo</span> its been my jail since a <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assimilation="1 3">day old</span> but <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assimilation="1 2">they know</span>
               <br/>Yea this ones for the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">ladies</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Who be <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> have my <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">baby</span>
               <br/>
            Ayo word to my <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3 4 5 ">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">mother</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Two things I <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3 4 5">never</span> do is leave
                    the crib without some <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2 4 5">rubbers</span>
               <br/>
            Or <span class="motif" data-type="women">tell a funky ho I <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1 2 3 5">love
                        her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            These <span class="motif" data-type="women">broads</span> be trying to get a <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="1 2 3 4">brother</span> caught up in a sticky <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="7">situation</span>
               <br/>
            Missing <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="6">menstruation</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="8"
                     data-alliteration="9"
                     data-rhyme="10">cycles</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">They all <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-alliteration="8">psycho</span>
               </span> ask <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="8">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Michael</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Before you give <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="3" data-slantrhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">dough</span>
               </span> for <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">billie
                        <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">jeans</span>
               </span> and them <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">nice <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">clothes</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Like <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1">whoa</span> don't let <span class="motif" data-type="women">them</span> trap you on the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="5">tight
                    rope</span>
               <br/>
            Spike holes in the condom to form a <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">zygote</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="7 8">overnight</span>
               <br/>
            Ask <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Kwon</span> he know what it's <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assonance="6 8">like</span>
               <br/>
            He wore a hat but it exploded <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="6 7">twice</span>
               <br/>
            But fuck a <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">bad
                        bitch</span>
               </span> I do this <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9">rap
                    shit</span> and put it over <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assonance="12 13">life</span>
               <br/>
            On the coldest <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="11 13">nights</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">son shine like a solar <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assonance="11 12">strike</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And I swear I got the weirdest <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="15 16 17">cases</span>
               <br/>
            Pipe <span class="motif" data-type="women">chicks</span> in the weirdest <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14 16 17">places</span> from rooftops to <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="14 15 17">staircases</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Like get a load of their <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="14 15 16">faces</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Face it if you <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-slantrhyme="19">fear hate</span> it you
                get put into this <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="18">clear space</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Ayo word to my <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3 4 5 ">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">mother</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Two things I <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3 4 5">never</span> do is leave
                    the crib without some <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2 4 5">rubbers</span>
               <br/>Or <span class="motif" data-type="women">tell a funky ho I <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1 2 3 5">love
                        her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>These <span class="motif" data-type="women">broads</span> be trying to get a <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="1 2 3 4">brother</span> caught up in a sticky <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="7">situation</span>
               <br/>Missing <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="6">menstruation</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="8"
                     data-alliteration="9"
                     data-rhyme="10">cycles</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">They all <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-alliteration="8">psycho</span>
               </span> ask <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="8">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Michael</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Before you give <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="3" data-slantrhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">dough</span>
               </span> for <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">billie
                        <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">jeans</span>
               </span> and them <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">nice <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">clothes</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Like <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1">whoa</span> don't let <span class="motif" data-type="women">them</span> trap you on the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="5">tight
                    rope</span>
               <br/>Spike holes in the condom to form a <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">zygote</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="7 8">overnight</span>
               <br/>Ask <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Kwon</span> he know what it's <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assonance="6 8">like</span>
               <br/>He wore a hat but it exploded <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assonance="6 7">twice</span>
               <br/>But fuck a <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">bad
                        bitch</span>
               </span> I do this <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9">rap
                    shit</span> and put it over <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assonance="12 13">life</span>
               <br/>On the coldest <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="11 13">nights</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">son shine like a solar <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assonance="11 12">strike</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And I swear I got the weirdest <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="15 16 17">cases</span>
               <br/>Pipe <span class="motif" data-type="women">chicks</span> in the weirdest <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14 16 17">places</span> from rooftops to <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="14 15 17">staircases</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Like get a load of their <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="14 15 16">faces</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Face it if you <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-slantrhyme="19">fear hate</span> it you
                get put into this <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="18">clear space</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span>
               </span> they would never catch me <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">slippin</span>'<br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span>
               </span> they would never catch me <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">slippin</span>'<br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            Hey yo, I’m attached too, to the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="1"
                     data-assimilation="3"
                     data-slantrhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">cash</span> rules</span>, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial">'bout</span> to go
                nuts<br/>
            Niggas get their <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">attitudes</span> to these
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assimilation="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">cash</span>
                    you</span>
               <br/>
            Who you know that <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="5">cool</span> that they
                drip <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-head="swag"
                        data-stem="goo"
                        data-ctype="endo"
                        data-type="compound">swagoo</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And I’m here to stay like <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="7">tattoos</span> on
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="6">statues</span>
               <br/>
            Check your mirror nigga that’s the second time I <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="8"
                     data-rhyme="10 13"
                     data-slantrhyme="9">passed you</span>
               <br/>
            Eating my <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="8">gas fume</span>, got me thinking
                like who <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="8 13">gassed you</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Your <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="12 13">girl</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="11 13">got</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="13"
                     data-alliteration="11 12"
                     data-rhyme="8 10">gas too</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span>
                let me <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">tackle</span> for a
                    <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Dutch</span> and a <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">Snapple</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And <span class="motif" data-type="women">that's who</span> you decide to put on <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">shackles</span>
               <br/>
            I’m that <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="5 6">dude</span>, fuck <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-assonance="4 6"
                     data-rhyme="7">values</span>, pump up the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="4 5">volume</span>
               <br/>
            All up in the cut, no <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">alcohol</span> just mad <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="women">booze</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">Tryin</span> to find a pad to bring <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> back to<br/>
            Like a <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="9">tadpole</span>, I'm that folk, got
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">bad chicks</span> that I feel <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-assimilation="8"
                     data-slantrhyme="10">bad for</span>
               <br/>
            Losing to they <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9">back bones</span>,
                    looking at my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="13">cock
                tip</span>
               <br/>
            Down to do it all no matter what the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="14 15">synopsis</span> is<br/>
            All it takes is some <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="11">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">exotic
                        piff</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">They</span> all <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12 15">unconscious</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="12 14">topless</span> exposing they crotch and
                    shit<br/>
               <br/>Hey yo, I’m attached too, to the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="1"
                     data-assimilation="3"
                     data-slantrhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">cash</span> rules</span>, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial">'bout</span> to go
                nuts<br/>Niggas get their <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">attitudes</span> to these
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assimilation="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">cash</span>
                    you</span>
               <br/>Who you know that <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="5">cool</span> that they
                drip <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-head="swag"
                        data-stem="goo"
                        data-ctype="endo"
                        data-type="compound">swagoo</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And I’m here to stay like <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="7">tattoos</span> on
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="6">statues</span>
               <br/>Check your mirror nigga that’s the second time I <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="8"
                     data-rhyme="10 13"
                     data-slantrhyme="9">passed you</span>
               <br/>Eating my <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="8">gas fume</span>, got me thinking
                like who <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="8 13">gassed you</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Your <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="12 13">girl</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="11 13">got</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="13"
                     data-alliteration="11 12"
                     data-rhyme="8 10">gas too</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span>
                let me <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">tackle</span> for a
                    <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Dutch</span> and a <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">Snapple</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And <span class="motif" data-type="women">that's who</span> you decide to put on <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">shackles</span>
               <br/>I’m that <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="5 6">dude</span>, fuck <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-assonance="4 6"
                     data-rhyme="7">values</span>, pump up the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="4 5">volume</span>
               <br/>All up in the cut, no <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">alcohol</span> just mad <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="women">booze</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">Tryin</span> to find a pad to bring <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> back to<br/>Like a <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="9">tadpole</span>, I'm that folk, got
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">bad chicks</span> that I feel <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-assimilation="8"
                     data-slantrhyme="10">bad for</span>
               <br/>Losing to they <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9">back bones</span>,
                    looking at my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="13">cock
                tip</span>
               <br/>Down to do it all no matter what the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="14 15">synopsis</span> is<br/>All it takes is some <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="11">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">exotic
                        piff</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">They</span> all <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12 15">unconscious</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="12 14">topless</span> exposing they crotch and
                    shit<br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>I dont trust these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> they would never catch me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">slippin'</span>
               <br/>
            Ey yo It’s <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">PE</span> leaving no <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">hope</span> for these <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            We leaving no hopes for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Jay STEEZ</span> leaving no hope for these
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            Leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">A-La $ole</span> leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            Leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Kirk Knight</span> leaving no hole for these
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            Leaving no hole for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">CJ Fly</span> leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            Leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Pow P</span> leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            Leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Jay Lee</span> leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            Leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Dyem Lewis</span> leaving no hope for these
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            Leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Ey yo It’s <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">PE</span> leaving no <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">hope</span> for these <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               </span>
               <br/>We leaving no hopes for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Jay STEEZ</span> leaving no hope for these
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>Leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">A-La $ole</span> leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>Leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Kirk Knight</span> leaving no hole for these
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>Leaving no hole for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">CJ Fly</span> leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>Leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Pow P</span> leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>Leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Jay Lee</span> leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>Leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>My nigga <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Dyem Lewis</span> leaving no hope for these
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>Leaving no hope for these <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e5562">Daily Routine</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/vb0BTpxQKTM"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">From the <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="1"
                        data-assonance="2"
                        data-rhyme="5 6">block</span> to the <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">top</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-alliteration="4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Buddha</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="3">baggies</span> in the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="1 6">sock</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Only thing that changed now is we ain't <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">runnin'</span> out
                    of <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="1 5">stock</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Used to beg <span class="motif" data-type="women">mom dukes</span> for <span class="motif" data-type="food">lunch</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8 9 10">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="money">money</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7 9 10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">Honeys</span>
               </span>
                used to run from me <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">when <span class="motif" data-type="money">pockets was dust <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 8 10">bunnies</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Now what's <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="7 8 9">funny</span> is <span class="motif" data-type="success">we done came up and <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="12">conquered</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Even <span class="motif" data-type="success">the future <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">lookin'</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="12"
                        data-rhyme="13"
                        data-slantrhyme="11">bonkers</span>
               </span>
                from <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Compton</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Yonkers</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Though them <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">gangstas</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">grill</span>, I tell <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> keep that drama <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">away</span>
               <br/>
            Don't fuck with thieves, I like <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="5" data-rhyme="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Jay</span>
               </span> so who <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">sponsorin'</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assonance="4">tape</span>
               <br/>
            They <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">launchin'</span>
                out <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="7 11">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">strays</span>
               </span>, I'm
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> not
                to get <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="6 11">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">sprayed</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Whether a <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="9 10 12 13 14 15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">spitter</span>
               </span> or a <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8 10 12 13 14 15">quitter</span> behind the <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="8 9 12 13 14 15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">trigger</span>
               </span>, approaching
                    his <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="6 7">prey</span>
               <br/>
            His eyes <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="8 9 10 13 14 15">bigger</span>, won't
                stop to <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="8 9 10 12 14 15">consider</span>
               <br/>
            What's right or wrong, because it's <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">hard <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="8 9 10 12 13 15">liquor</span>
               </span> that's inside his <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="8 9 10 12 13 14">liver</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">From the <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="1"
                        data-assonance="2"
                        data-rhyme="5 6">block</span> to the <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">top</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-alliteration="4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Buddha</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="3">baggies</span> in the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="1 6">sock</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Only thing that changed now is we ain't <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">runnin'</span> out
                    of <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="1 5">stock</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Used to beg <span class="motif" data-type="women">mom dukes</span> for <span class="motif" data-type="food">lunch</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8 9 10">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="money">money</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7 9 10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">Honeys</span>
               </span>
                used to run from me <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">when <span class="motif" data-type="money">pockets was dust <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 8 10">bunnies</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>Now what's <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="7 8 9">funny</span> is <span class="motif" data-type="success">we done came up and <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="12">conquered</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Even <span class="motif" data-type="success">the future <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">lookin'</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="12"
                        data-rhyme="13"
                        data-slantrhyme="11">bonkers</span>
               </span>
                from <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Compton</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Yonkers</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Though them <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">gangstas</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">grill</span>, I tell <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> keep that drama <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">away</span>
               <br/>Don't fuck with thieves, I like <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="5" data-rhyme="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Jay</span>
               </span> so who <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">sponsorin'</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assonance="4">tape</span>
               <br/>They <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">launchin'</span>
                out <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="7 11">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">strays</span>
               </span>, I'm
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> not
                to get <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="6 11">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">sprayed</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Whether a <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="9 10 12 13 14 15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">spitter</span>
               </span> or a <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8 10 12 13 14 15">quitter</span> behind the <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="8 9 12 13 14 15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">trigger</span>
               </span>, approaching
                    his <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="6 7">prey</span>
               <br/>His eyes <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="8 9 10 13 14 15">bigger</span>, won't
                stop to <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="8 9 10 12 14 15">consider</span>
               <br/>What's right or wrong, because it's <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">hard <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="8 9 10 12 13 15">liquor</span>
               </span> that's inside his <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="8 9 10 12 13 14">liver</span>
               <br/>
            But that's just daily <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="3 7 9">routine</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">The streets are <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="1 7 9">cooped
                            fiends</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Whether the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assonance="6 7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">hoops</span>
               </span>
                or the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="5 7">booth</span>, niggas <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="7"
                     data-assonance="5 6"
                     data-slantrhyme="1 3 9">shoot dreams</span>
               <br/>
            Better <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="1 3 7">choose the right
                scheme</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-alliteration="11 12">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">Cause</span>
               </span> you
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="10 12">could</span> think you're
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="10 11">cool</span> with your nice
                    things<br/>
            But get <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="15">wiped clean</span> for
                            <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                     <span class="poetics"
                           data-num="15"
                           data-rhyme="16"
                           data-slantrhyme="14">ice
                            creams</span>
                  </span>
               </span> when the lights <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15">beam</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>But that's just daily <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="3 7 9">routine</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">The streets are <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="1 7 9">cooped
                            fiends</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Whether the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assonance="6 7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">hoops</span>
               </span>
                or the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="5 7">booth</span>, niggas <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="7"
                     data-assonance="5 6"
                     data-slantrhyme="1 3 9">shoot dreams</span>
               <br/>Better <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="1 3 7">choose the right
                scheme</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-alliteration="11 12">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">Cause</span>
               </span> you
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="10 12">could</span> think you're
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="10 11">cool</span> with your nice
                    things<br/>But get <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="15">wiped clean</span> for
                            <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                     <span class="poetics"
                           data-num="15"
                           data-rhyme="16"
                           data-slantrhyme="14">ice
                            creams</span>
                  </span>
               </span> when the lights <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15">beam</span>
               <br/>
            Traded in my <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">Nikes</span>
               </span>
                for a new <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">mic</span>
               <br/>
            I guess it's <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-alliteration="4 5 6">safe</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="3 5 6">say</span> he <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="3 4 6">sold</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="3 4 5">soul</span> for his
                new <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-alliteration="8">life</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-alliteration="7">Like</span> they were <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9">blind us</span>, but we know the true
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">designer</span>
               <br/>
            They didn't wanna see us find the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">diviners</span>
               <br/>
            So now we hit the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assonance="14">vines</span> up day and
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="14"
                     data-assonance="13"
                     data-rhyme="17"
                     data-slantrhyme="15 16">night</span>
               <br/>
            On the regular, I know my <span class="motif" data-type="women">momma</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">prayin'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="14 16">like</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> want me reach my aims in <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="14 15">life</span>, but just stay in <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="14">sight</span>
               <br/>
            So I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="7">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">shootin'</span>
               </span> for my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="5">dreams</span>, hit the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-alliteration="4">booth</span> and it <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="3">boost</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="2" data-slantrhyme="8">esteem</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">The Pro Era <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="7">crew</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="7"
                     data-alliteration="6"
                     data-rhyme="1">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">recruitin'</span>
               </span> in them
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="5">fiends</span> by the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assonance="10">boat</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assonance="9">load</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Nigga caught a wave and now he <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">surfin'</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="14">coastal</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">They don't feel the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="13">name</span>
               </span> but they <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assonance="12">say</span> the music <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="11">dope
                    though</span>
               <br/>
            Fuck it, that's how it's <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="16">supposed to
                    go</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="haters">these bloggers too <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="15">emotional</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            They'll be <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="18">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">postin'</span> you</span> until labels start
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="17">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">inter-<span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">scopin'</span>
                  </span> you</span>
               <br/>
            By then, it's <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-assimilation="20">wild late</span> and I'll
                be <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="20"
                     data-assimilation="19"
                     data-rhyme="21">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">chillin'</span> where I
                    lay</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'd rather see the top than to be <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="20">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">livin'</span> where I lay</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Imbalances in my <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="25 26">Kundalini</span>, they <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> put <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="24">two</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="23">through</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-rhyme="22 26">beanie</span>
               <br/>
            Wish you well, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to poof a <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-rhyme="22 25">genie</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Traded in my <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">Nikes</span>
               </span>
                for a new <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">mic</span>
               <br/>I guess it's <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-alliteration="4 5 6">safe</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="3 5 6">say</span> he <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="3 4 6">sold</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="3 4 5">soul</span> for his
                new <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-alliteration="8">life</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-alliteration="7">Like</span> they were <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="trying"
                        data-word2="to">tryna</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9">blind us</span>, but we know the true
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">designer</span>
               <br/>They didn't wanna see us find the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">diviners</span>
               <br/>So now we hit the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assonance="14">vines</span> up day and
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="14"
                     data-assonance="13"
                     data-rhyme="17"
                     data-slantrhyme="15 16">night</span>
               <br/>On the regular, I know my <span class="motif" data-type="women">momma</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">prayin'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="14 16">like</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> want me reach my aims in <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="14 15">life</span>, but just stay in <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="14">sight</span>
               <br/>So I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="7">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">shootin'</span>
               </span> for my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="5">dreams</span>, hit the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-alliteration="4">booth</span> and it <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="3">boost</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="2" data-slantrhyme="8">esteem</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">The Pro Era <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="7">crew</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="7"
                     data-alliteration="6"
                     data-rhyme="1">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">recruitin'</span>
               </span> in them
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="5">fiends</span> by the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assonance="10">boat</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assonance="9">load</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Nigga caught a wave and now he <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">surfin'</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="14">coastal</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">They don't feel the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="13">name</span>
               </span> but they <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assonance="12">say</span> the music <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="11">dope
                    though</span>
               <br/>Fuck it, that's how it's <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="16">supposed to
                    go</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="haters">these bloggers too <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="15">emotional</span>
               </span>
               <br/>They'll be <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="18">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">postin'</span> you</span> until labels start
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="17">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">inter-<span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">scopin'</span>
                  </span> you</span>
               <br/>By then, it's <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-assimilation="20">wild late</span> and I'll
                be <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="20"
                     data-assimilation="19"
                     data-rhyme="21">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">chillin'</span> where I
                    lay</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'd rather see the top than to be <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="20">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">livin'</span> where I lay</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Imbalances in my <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="25 26">Kundalini</span>, they <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> put <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="24">two</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="23">through</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-rhyme="22 26">beanie</span>
               <br/>Wish you well, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to poof a <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-rhyme="22 25">genie</span>
               <br/>
            But that's just daily routine<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">The streets are cooped fiends</span>
               <br/>
            Whether the <span class="motif" data-type="sports">hoops</span> or the booth, niggas shoot dreams<br/>
            Better choose the right scheme<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> you
                could think you're cool with your nice things<br/>
            But get wiped clean for <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">ice creams</span>
               </span> when the lights
                beam<br/>
            But that's just daily routine<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">The streets are cooped fiends</span>
               <br/>
            Whether the <span class="motif" data-type="sports">hoops</span> or the booth, niggas shoot dreams<br/>
            Better choose the right scheme<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> you
                could think you're cool with your nice things<br/>
            But get wiped clean for <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">ice creams</span>
               </span> when the lights
                beam<br/>
            But that's just daily routine<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">The streets are cooped fiends</span>
               <br/>
            Whether the <span class="motif" data-type="sports">hoops</span> or the booth, niggas shoot dreams<br/>
            Better choose the right scheme<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> you
                could think you're cool with your nice things<br/>
            But get wiped clean for <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">ice creams</span>
               </span> when the lights
                beam<br/>
            But that's just daily routine<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">The streets are cooped fiends</span>
               <br/>
            Whether the <span class="motif" data-type="sports">hoops</span> or the booth, niggas shoot dreams<br/>
            Better choose the right scheme<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> you
                could think you're cool with your nice things<br/>
            But get wiped clean for <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">ice creams</span>
               </span> when the lights
                beam<br/>
               <br/>But that's just daily routine<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">The streets are cooped fiends</span>
               <br/>Whether the <span class="motif" data-type="sports">hoops</span> or the booth, niggas shoot dreams<br/>Better choose the right scheme<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> you
                could think you're cool with your nice things<br/>But get wiped clean for <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">ice creams</span>
               </span> when the lights
                beam<br/>But that's just daily routine<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">The streets are cooped fiends</span>
               <br/>Whether the <span class="motif" data-type="sports">hoops</span> or the booth, niggas shoot dreams<br/>Better choose the right scheme<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> you
                could think you're cool with your nice things<br/>But get wiped clean for <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">ice creams</span>
               </span> when the lights
                beam<br/>But that's just daily routine<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">The streets are cooped fiends</span>
               <br/>Whether the <span class="motif" data-type="sports">hoops</span> or the booth, niggas shoot dreams<br/>Better choose the right scheme<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> you
                could think you're cool with your nice things<br/>But get wiped clean for <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">ice creams</span>
               </span> when the lights
                beam<br/>But that's just daily routine<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">The streets are cooped fiends</span>
               <br/>Whether the <span class="motif" data-type="sports">hoops</span> or the booth, niggas shoot dreams<br/>Better choose the right scheme<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> you
                could think you're cool with your nice things<br/>But get wiped clean for <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">ice creams</span>
               </span> when the lights
                beam<br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e6136">Snakes</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GdNQyf4SLa4"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
            Free <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Max B</span>
               <br/>
            Owww (owwwwwww)<br/>
            Uh uh (uh uh) x3<br/>
            It's like (it's like)<br/>
               <br/>Free <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Max B</span>
               <br/>Owww (owwwwwww)<br/>Uh uh (uh uh) x3<br/>It's like (it's like)<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Sometimes I feel <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">alienated</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Because I'm not up in the <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3" data-slantrhyme="1">
                        &gt;<span class="motif" data-type="sports">stadium playing</span>
               </span> or on the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="2">radio <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">sayin'</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            "Fuck <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">broads</span> we don't love <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> we <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-rhyme="6 7"
                     data-slantrhyme="5">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">degradin'</span>
                        <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">'em</span>
               </span>!"<br/>
            But always find my self back at the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">bacchanalian</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Blood vessels <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">poppin'</span> out my <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="4 7">craniums</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Niggas <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">askin'</span> when the tape <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="na"
                        data-position="final">gon'</span> drop but I got <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">nothin'</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="4 6">say to them</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Because I been <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="9 10 11">slacking the
                    skill</span>, although my <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="8 10 11">passion is real</span>
               <br/>
            I'm too caught up <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="8 9 11">catching a
                        feel</span> when I should be <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assimilation="8 9 10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">cashin'</span> a mil</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">It's something <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="a"
                        data-position="initial"> bout</span> me being <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">younger</span> that affected my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">hunger</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Got older in <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">number</span>, realized I can't
                count on these <span class="motif" data-type="money">hundreds</span>
               <br/>
            To determine my <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5">elation</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Pursuit of happiness</span> I keep <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4" data-slantrhyme="6">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">pacin'</span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="haters">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">these motherfuckas
                            <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">racist</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">These ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assimilation="8">fair
                    races</span>
               </span>, they just let the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="7">fear erase us</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Adopted by the <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assonance="10">slums</span>,
                        <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="10"
                        data-assonance="9"
                        data-rhyme="11">son</span> of <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="guns">guns</span>
                  </span> this is how they
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assimilation="14 15">raised
                us</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Yo son we <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="16">raise up</span>, don't let them just <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-assimilation="12 15">array us</span>
               <br/>
            
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'Til</span> we
                    <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-assimilation="12 14">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">raisins</span>
                  </span> in the sun</span>
               <br/>
            So we <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="13">wake up</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Sometimes I feel <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">alienated</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Because I'm not up in the <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3" data-slantrhyme="1">
                        &gt;<span class="motif" data-type="sports">stadium playing</span>
               </span> or on the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="2">radio <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">sayin'</span>
               </span>
               <br/>"Fuck <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">broads</span> we don't love <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> we <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-rhyme="6 7"
                     data-slantrhyme="5">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">degradin'</span>
                        <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial">'em</span>
               </span>!"<br/>But always find my self back at the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">bacchanalian</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Blood vessels <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">poppin'</span> out my <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="4 7">craniums</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Niggas <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">askin'</span> when the tape <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="na"
                        data-position="final">gon'</span> drop but I got <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">nothin'</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="4 6">say to them</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Because I been <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="9 10 11">slacking the
                    skill</span>, although my <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="8 10 11">passion is real</span>
               <br/>I'm too caught up <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="8 9 11">catching a
                        feel</span> when I should be <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assimilation="8 9 10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">cashin'</span> a mil</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">It's something <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="a"
                        data-position="initial"> bout</span> me being <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">younger</span> that affected my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">hunger</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Got older in <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">number</span>, realized I can't
                count on these <span class="motif" data-type="money">hundreds</span>
               <br/>To determine my <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5">elation</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Pursuit of happiness</span> I keep <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4" data-slantrhyme="6">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">pacin'</span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="haters">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">these motherfuckas
                            <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">racist</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">These ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assimilation="8">fair
                    races</span>
               </span>, they just let the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="7">fear erase us</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Adopted by the <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assonance="10">slums</span>,
                        <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="10"
                        data-assonance="9"
                        data-rhyme="11">son</span> of <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="guns">guns</span>
                  </span> this is how they
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assimilation="14 15">raised
                us</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Yo son we <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="16">raise up</span>, don't let them just <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-assimilation="12 15">array us</span>
               <br/>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'Til</span> we
                    <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-assimilation="12 14">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">raisins</span>
                  </span> in the sun</span>
               <br/>So we <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="13">wake up</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> they
                always <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">be</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">behind</span> in the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="6 8">cut</span>
               <br/>
            Always in the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="5">skies</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">watchin'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="4">stars</span> when they <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="3 8">up</span>
               <br/>
            So don't you <span class="poetics" data-num="7">confide</span> into the evil and
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="3 6">corrupt</span>
               <br/>
            This is <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10">urgent</span>, Apex on the <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9">vertex</span>, tonight we're <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="12">serving</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="11">serpents</span>
               <br/>

               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> they
                always be behind in the cut<br/>
            Always in the skies <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">watchin'</span> stars when they up<br/>
            So don't you confide into the evil and corrupt<br/>
            This is urgent<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> they
                always <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">be</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">behind</span> in the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="6 8">cut</span>
               <br/>Always in the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-alliteration="5">skies</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">watchin'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="4">stars</span> when they <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="3 8">up</span>
               <br/>So don't you <span class="poetics" data-num="7">confide</span> into the evil and
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="3 6">corrupt</span>
               <br/>This is <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10">urgent</span>, Apex on the <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9">vertex</span>, tonight we're <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="12">serving</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="11">serpents</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> they
                always be behind in the cut<br/>Always in the skies <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">watchin'</span> stars when they up<br/>So don't you confide into the evil and corrupt<br/>This is urgent<br/>
            Got a whole bunch of shit up on my <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">plate
                    now</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">Thinkin'</span> like in the man garden it's a <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">snake now</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I
                don't know who to <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">believe</span> or who to
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">deceive</span>
               <br/>
            Got me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">thinkin'</span>
                I<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="6">Sold</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="5">soul</span> and ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assimilation="8">received a receipt</span> but I won't <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="8"
                     data-assimilation="7"
                     data-rhyme="9">proceed to retreat</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Jigga</span> told me <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">watch your
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8">throne seat</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And now I <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="11">sees it</span> and in respect
                to <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">BIG</span>, I <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assimilation="10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Cease</span>
                    it</span>
               <br/>
            And I hope he see me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> these niggas don't want <span class="motif" data-type="food">beef</span> with
                my <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">talents</span>
               <br/>
            They ain't fit for this <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">green</span>
               </span>, they
                just <span class="motif" data-type="food">caesar <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="12">salad</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            You think because you <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assimilation="2">avid</span> they
                just gonna let you <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assimilation="1">have it</span>
               <br/>
            It's a lot to learn and that my nigga need to <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assimilation="4">ask us</span>
               <br/>
            It's the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assimilation="3">axis</span> of the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">earth</span> at the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">birth</span>
               <br/>
            I found a <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assimilation="10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">new
                    balance</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And now I <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-alliteration="9">walk</span> on <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-alliteration="8">water</span> just like I
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="7">knew balance</span> just like a
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">relative</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Marijuana</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="12"
                     data-assimilation="13"
                     data-rhyme="11">sedatives</span> got me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">thinkin'</span>
                I should put a bomb right where the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assimilation="12">senate is</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-alliteration="15">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">Cause</span>
               </span> they <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="15"
                     data-alliteration="14"
                     data-assimilation="16">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">corruptin'</span> the youth</span>, we ain't
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-assimilation="15"
                     data-slantrhyme="17">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">inductin'</span> the
                    truth</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">Lookin'</span> at
                        <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">the President</span> like yo it
                must be <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="16">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">nothin'</span> to you</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Got a whole bunch of shit up on my <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">plate
                    now</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">Thinkin'</span> like in the man garden it's a <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">snake now</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I
                don't know who to <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">believe</span> or who to
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">deceive</span>
               <br/>Got me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">thinkin'</span>
                I<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-alliteration="6">Sold</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="5">soul</span> and ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assimilation="8">received a receipt</span> but I won't <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="8"
                     data-assimilation="7"
                     data-rhyme="9">proceed to retreat</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Jigga</span> told me <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">watch your
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8">throne seat</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And now I <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="11">sees it</span> and in respect
                to <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">BIG</span>, I <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assimilation="10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Cease</span>
                    it</span>
               <br/>And I hope he see me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> these niggas don't want <span class="motif" data-type="food">beef</span> with
                my <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">talents</span>
               <br/>They ain't fit for this <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">green</span>
               </span>, they
                just <span class="motif" data-type="food">caesar <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="12">salad</span>
               </span>
               <br/>You think because you <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assimilation="2">avid</span> they
                just gonna let you <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assimilation="1">have it</span>
               <br/>It's a lot to learn and that my nigga need to <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assimilation="4">ask us</span>
               <br/>It's the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assimilation="3">axis</span> of the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">earth</span> at the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">birth</span>
               <br/>I found a <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-assimilation="10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">new
                    balance</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And now I <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-alliteration="9">walk</span> on <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-alliteration="8">water</span> just like I
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="7">knew balance</span> just like a
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">relative</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Marijuana</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="12"
                     data-assimilation="13"
                     data-rhyme="11">sedatives</span> got me <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">thinkin'</span>
                I should put a bomb right where the <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assimilation="12">senate is</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-alliteration="15">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">Cause</span>
               </span> they <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="15"
                     data-alliteration="14"
                     data-assimilation="16">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">corruptin'</span> the youth</span>, we ain't
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-assimilation="15"
                     data-slantrhyme="17">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">inductin'</span> the
                    truth</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">Lookin'</span> at
                        <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">the President</span> like yo it
                must be <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="16">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">nothin'</span> to you</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> they
                always be behind in the cut<br/>
            Always in the skies <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">watchin'</span> stars when they up<br/>
            So don't you confide into the evil and corrupt<br/>
            This is urgent, Apex on the vertex, tonight we're serving
                    serpents<br/>

               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> they
                always be behind in the cut<br/>
            Always in the skies <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">watchin'</span> stars when they up<br/>
            So don't you confide into the evil and corrupt<br/>
            This is urgent<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> they
                always be behind in the cut<br/>Always in the skies <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">watchin'</span> stars when they up<br/>So don't you confide into the evil and corrupt<br/>This is urgent, Apex on the vertex, tonight we're serving
                    serpents<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> they
                always be behind in the cut<br/>Always in the skies <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">watchin'</span> stars when they up<br/>So don't you confide into the evil and corrupt<br/>This is urgent<br/>
            I passed the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">dutch</span> to the left and it started to make <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">sense</span>
               <br/>
            It's funny how I see it more straight when I'm <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">
                     <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">bent</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            You've been warned on the risk it takes to take <span class="motif" data-type="success">to sit
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4">on top</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Been <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3">on clock</span>
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span>
                    you could see that I been on <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assonance="6">watch</span>
               <br/>
            Shit don't <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="5">stop</span>, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'til</span> you make the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="7"
                     data-rhyme="9 10"
                     data-slantrhyme="8">sacrifices</span>
               <br/>
            Trade in whats <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">priceless</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 10">ices</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="7 9">devices</span>
               <br/>
            When the light <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assonance="12">switch</span> I <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="11">shift</span> like I'm <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">typin'</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">Livin'</span> in the
                era where <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-alliteration="14">Christ</span> is the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="14"
                     data-alliteration="13"
                     data-rhyme="15">crisis</span>
               <br/>
            The <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14">lifeless</span> in the <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-assimilation="17">trance actin like yo mans</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Bitch niggas</span> only know that <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="17"
                     data-assimilation="16"
                     data-rhyme="18">transactions is the
                plans</span>
               <br/>
            But the mic is in my <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="17">hands</span> so I valor
                the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="19"
                     data-rhyme="23"
                     data-slantrhyme="22">booth</span>
               <br/>
            The <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-alliteration="21">blacker</span> the <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-alliteration="20">berry</span>
               </span> is the more sour
                the <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-slantrhyme="19">fruit</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            They <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">ejectin'</span>
                us to make us cowards to the power of <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="19">truth</span>
               <br/>
            Became <span class="motif" data-type="weed">flowers</span> from <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="25">roots</span>
                and now we just move in <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="25"
                     data-rhyme="24"
                     data-slantrhyme="26">cahoots</span>
               <br/>
            I move from the <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-slantrhyme="25">stoop</span> and put my
                foot right down on the <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-alliteration="28 29">asphalt</span>
               <br/>
            Every night I <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="28"
                     data-alliteration="27 29"
                     data-slantrhyme="29">ask
                        lord</span> if this what I <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="29"
                     data-alliteration="27 28"
                     data-slantrhyme="28">asked for</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>I passed the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">dutch</span> to the left and it started to make <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">sense</span>
               <br/>It's funny how I see it more straight when I'm <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">
                     <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1">bent</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>You've been warned on the risk it takes to take <span class="motif" data-type="success">to sit
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4">on top</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Been <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3">on clock</span>
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span>
                    you could see that I been on <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assonance="6">watch</span>
               <br/>Shit don't <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assonance="5">stop</span>, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'til</span> you make the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="7"
                     data-rhyme="9 10"
                     data-slantrhyme="8">sacrifices</span>
               <br/>Trade in whats <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">priceless</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 10">ices</span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="7 9">devices</span>
               <br/>When the light <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assonance="12">switch</span> I <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="11">shift</span> like I'm <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">typin'</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">Livin'</span> in the
                era where <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-alliteration="14">Christ</span> is the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="14"
                     data-alliteration="13"
                     data-rhyme="15">crisis</span>
               <br/>The <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="14">lifeless</span> in the <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-assimilation="17">trance actin like yo mans</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Bitch niggas</span> only know that <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="17"
                     data-assimilation="16"
                     data-rhyme="18">transactions is the
                plans</span>
               <br/>But the mic is in my <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="17">hands</span> so I valor
                the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="19"
                     data-rhyme="23"
                     data-slantrhyme="22">booth</span>
               <br/>The <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-alliteration="21">blacker</span> the <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-alliteration="20">berry</span>
               </span> is the more sour
                the <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-slantrhyme="19">fruit</span>
               </span>
               <br/>They <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">ejectin'</span>
                us to make us cowards to the power of <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="19">truth</span>
               <br/>Became <span class="motif" data-type="weed">flowers</span> from <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="25">roots</span>
                and now we just move in <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="25"
                     data-rhyme="24"
                     data-slantrhyme="26">cahoots</span>
               <br/>I move from the <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-slantrhyme="25">stoop</span> and put my
                foot right down on the <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-alliteration="28 29">asphalt</span>
               <br/>Every night I <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="28"
                     data-alliteration="27 29"
                     data-slantrhyme="29">ask
                        lord</span> if this what I <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="29"
                     data-alliteration="27 28"
                     data-slantrhyme="28">asked for</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> they
                always be behind in the cut<br/>
            Always in the skies <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">watchin'</span> stars when they up<br/>
            So don't you confide into the evil and corrupt<br/>
            This is urgent, Apex on the vertex, tonight we're serving
                    serpents<br/>

               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> they
                always be behind in the cut<br/>
            Always in the skies <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">watchin'</span> stars when they up<br/>
            So don't you confide into the evil and corrupt<br/>
            This is urgent<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> they
                always be behind in the cut<br/>Always in the skies <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">watchin'</span> stars when they up<br/>So don't you confide into the evil and corrupt<br/>This is urgent, Apex on the vertex, tonight we're serving
                    serpents<br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> they
                always be behind in the cut<br/>Always in the skies <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">watchin'</span> stars when they up<br/>So don't you confide into the evil and corrupt<br/>This is urgent<br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e6858">Don't Front</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/wtknAhuPmMk"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
            Yo, what's the word <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">word</span>
               <br/>
            Pass the <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">herbs</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Pass the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">herbs</span>, pass the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">herbs</span>
               <br/>
            Had to learn, had to <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">learn</span> (had To
                learn)<br/>
            We just had to <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">burn</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Yo, what's the word <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">word</span>
               <br/>Pass the <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">herbs</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Pass the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">herbs</span>, pass the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">herbs</span>
               <br/>Had to learn, had to <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">learn</span> (had To
                learn)<br/>We just had to <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">burn</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            It all started with this <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">special <span class="motif" data-type="weed">herb</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Then after that it came to <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">sexual
                    words</span>
               <br/>
            I'm meeting <span class="motif" data-type="women">shorty</span> up to patch her a verse<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> played <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">Bonnie</span> and I <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="4" data-rhyme="5">collide</span>
               </span> with a <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="3">vibe</span> when I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3">inside</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="9">walls</span>
               <br/>
            I cut my <span class="motif" data-type="women">shorties</span> on the <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">side</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">decide</span> that <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="6">all</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assonance="11 12">Mine's</span>, I keep <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> in my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assonance="10 12">eyes</span> at
                all <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="10 11">times</span>
               <br/>
            Not because I don't trust <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> I just, can't get <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14 15 16">enough of <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            On the phone late until <span class="motif" data-type="women">her mom dukes</span> be <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13 15 16">cussing <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> played the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="13 14 16">hustler</span> and I'm like mad <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="13 14 15">customers</span>
               <br/>
            Man swear I'm in love and ain't afraid to <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-assimilation="18">admit it</span>
               <br/>
            Be blowing up <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> line, man I swear I'm
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-assimilation="17">addicted</span>,
                but<br/>
            It's all <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="20">cool</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> when
                in love we all <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19">fools</span>
               <br/>
            They say men lie and <span class="motif" data-type="women">women</span> lay naked that's all <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">foolin'</span>
               <br/>
            Numbers don't matter after the first <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="22 23">night</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="21 23">Right</span>, so what the fuck is love at
                the first <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="21 22">sight</span>
               <br/>
            If you ask me, another stupid <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="25">analogy</span>
               <br/>
            Made to cover flaws in the <span class="motif" data-type="women">female</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-rhyme="24">anatomy</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>It all started with this <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">special <span class="motif" data-type="weed">herb</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>Then after that it came to <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">sexual
                    words</span>
               <br/>I'm meeting <span class="motif" data-type="women">shorty</span> up to patch her a verse<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> played <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">Bonnie</span> and I <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="4" data-rhyme="5">collide</span>
               </span> with a <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="3">vibe</span> when I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3">inside</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="9">walls</span>
               <br/>I cut my <span class="motif" data-type="women">shorties</span> on the <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">side</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">decide</span> that <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="6">all</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assonance="11 12">Mine's</span>, I keep <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> in my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-assonance="10 12">eyes</span> at
                all <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-assonance="10 11">times</span>
               <br/>Not because I don't trust <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> I just, can't get <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14 15 16">enough of <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>On the phone late until <span class="motif" data-type="women">her mom dukes</span> be <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13 15 16">cussing <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> played the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="13 14 16">hustler</span> and I'm like mad <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="13 14 15">customers</span>
               <br/>Man swear I'm in love and ain't afraid to <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-assimilation="18">admit it</span>
               <br/>Be blowing up <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> line, man I swear I'm
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-assimilation="17">addicted</span>,
                but<br/>It's all <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="20">cool</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> when
                in love we all <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19">fools</span>
               <br/>They say men lie and <span class="motif" data-type="women">women</span> lay naked that's all <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">foolin'</span>
               <br/>Numbers don't matter after the first <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="22 23">night</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="21 23">Right</span>, so what the fuck is love at
                the first <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="21 22">sight</span>
               <br/>If you ask me, another stupid <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="25">analogy</span>
               <br/>Made to cover flaws in the <span class="motif" data-type="women">female</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-rhyme="24">anatomy</span>
               <br/>
            But I'm a keep gradually telling these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span>
               <br/>
            Don't front, (don't front), don't front, (don't front)<br/>
            Don't front, (don- don't front), don't front <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3 4">though</span>
               <br/>
            I got some <span class="motif" data-type="weed">weed</span> and some <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3 4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">fronto</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            (Don't front)<br/>
            And you know I always <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2 4">hunt <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I tell <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                leave but don't walk through the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1 2 3">front
                    door</span>
               <br/>
            Now don't front, (don't front), don't front, (don't front)<br/>
            Check, (don- don- don't front)<br/>
               <br/>But I'm a keep gradually telling these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span>
               <br/>Don't front, (don't front), don't front, (don't front)<br/>Don't front, (don- don't front), don't front <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3 4">though</span>
               <br/>I got some <span class="motif" data-type="weed">weed</span> and some <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3 4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">fronto</span>
               </span>
               <br/>(Don't front)<br/>And you know I always <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2 4">hunt <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I tell <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                leave but don't walk through the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1 2 3">front
                    door</span>
               <br/>Now don't front, (don't front), don't front, (don't front)<br/>Check, (don- don- don't front)<br/>
            It's like a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assimilation="2 3">massacre</span> when <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assimilation="1 3">mass occur</span>
               <br/>
            I got a <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-assimilation="1 2"
                     data-slantrhyme="4">massive
                        urge</span> but I had to <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3">learn</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">Heard</span> you had it on lock so I pass the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">word</span>
               <br/>
            I stash the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8">herb</span>
               </span>, sit
                back <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">observe</span>
               <br/>
            That <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> make me feel good is all I ask of <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">In the clouds</span> who would've known, We would've crash and <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9">burn</span>
               <br/>
            I prayed long and hard, hoping things will last with <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               <br/>
            I ain't mad at <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            But I really wish that it ain't have to <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="11">hurt</span>
               <br/>
            Let's be <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-alliteration="14 15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">blunt</span>
               </span>
                we're <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-alliteration="13 15">best</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-alliteration="13 14">buds</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Both knew our role this is more than just a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">crush</span>
               <br/>
            I used to pick <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> up longing for our lips to <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">touch</span>
               <br/>
            But now I rarely even see <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               <br/>
            In everybody hood not even the law enforcement can keep up<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> ain't want no one to <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">know</span>, so I kept it on the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">low</span>
               <br/>
            Any time that we would kick it, I make sure I had some <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">toe</span>
               <br/>
            I thought I knew <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> better than anyone would <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">know</span>
               <br/>
            Bagged <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> at her friends, but home where I
                would <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">take <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Didn't know that <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> was a <span class="motif" data-type="women">ho</span>,
                that only wanted my <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">paper</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Whenever I was with <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>, my mind would just <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10">relax</span>
               <br/>
            Could've been the <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">hot topic</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I
                swore we were a <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9">match</span> and<br/>
            I admit it <span class="motif" data-type="women">girl</span> you fine as <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">hell</span>
               <br/>
            Don't know your perfume but you exert the finest <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">smells</span>
               <br/>
            You <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span>
                find <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> then follow <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14 15">trail</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> left a few old lovers inside of a <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13 15">jail</span>
               <br/>
            That's all a part of the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="13 14">tale</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>It's like a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assimilation="2 3">massacre</span> when <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assimilation="1 3">mass occur</span>
               <br/>I got a <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-assimilation="1 2"
                     data-slantrhyme="4">massive
                        urge</span> but I had to <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3">learn</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">Heard</span> you had it on lock so I pass the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">word</span>
               <br/>I stash the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8">herb</span>
               </span>, sit
                back <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">observe</span>
               <br/>That <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> make me feel good is all I ask of <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">In the clouds</span> who would've known, We would've crash and <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9">burn</span>
               <br/>I prayed long and hard, hoping things will last with <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               <br/>I ain't mad at <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>But I really wish that it ain't have to <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="11">hurt</span>
               <br/>Let's be <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-alliteration="14 15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">blunt</span>
               </span>
                we're <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-alliteration="13 15">best</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-alliteration="13 14">buds</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Both knew our role this is more than just a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">crush</span>
               <br/>I used to pick <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> up longing for our lips to <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">touch</span>
               <br/>But now I rarely even see <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               <br/>In everybody hood not even the law enforcement can keep up<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> ain't want no one to <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">know</span>, so I kept it on the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">low</span>
               <br/>Any time that we would kick it, I make sure I had some <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">toe</span>
               <br/>I thought I knew <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> better than anyone would <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">know</span>
               <br/>Bagged <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> at her friends, but home where I
                would <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">take <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Didn't know that <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> was a <span class="motif" data-type="women">ho</span>,
                that only wanted my <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">paper</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Whenever I was with <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>, my mind would just <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="10">relax</span>
               <br/>Could've been the <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">hot topic</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I
                swore we were a <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="9">match</span> and<br/>I admit it <span class="motif" data-type="women">girl</span> you fine as <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">hell</span>
               <br/>Don't know your perfume but you exert the finest <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">smells</span>
               <br/>You <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span>
                find <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> then follow <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14 15">trail</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> left a few old lovers inside of a <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13 15">jail</span>
               <br/>That's all a part of the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="13 14">tale</span>
               <br/>
            But I'm a keep gradually telling these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span>
               <br/>
            Don't front, (don't front), don't front, (don't front)<br/>
            Don't front, (don- don't front), don't front though<br/>
            I got some <span class="motif" data-type="weed">weed</span> and some <span class="motif" data-type="weed">fronto</span>
               <br/>
            (Don't front)<br/>
            And you know I always hunt <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>
            I tell <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                leave but don't walk through the front door<br/>
            Now don't front, (don't front), don't front, (don't front)<br/>
            Check, (don- don- don't front)<br/>
               <br/>But I'm a keep gradually telling these <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span>
               <br/>Don't front, (don't front), don't front, (don't front)<br/>Don't front, (don- don't front), don't front though<br/>I got some <span class="motif" data-type="weed">weed</span> and some <span class="motif" data-type="weed">fronto</span>
               <br/>(Don't front)<br/>And you know I always hunt <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               <br/>I tell <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
                leave but don't walk through the front door<br/>Now don't front, (don't front), don't front, (don't front)<br/>Check, (don- don- don't front)<br/>
            Hey yo don't tell me be patient with no doctor <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">prescription</span>
               <br/>
            Emotionless <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">positions</span> and provocative
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">visions</span>
               <br/>
            Should've known you missed a note like the octave was <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="5">switching</span>
               <br/>
            Remember hate the game but <span class="motif" data-type="women">she's</span> spotting some <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">glitches</span>
               <br/>
            It's a simulation yeah, <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="7">stimulation</span>
               <br/>
            Take off your shirt, let me feel <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="6">manipulative</span>
               <br/>
            My heart like the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Himalayas</span>
               </span> but yeah I <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-rhyme="10"
                     data-slantrhyme="8">slay <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I'm crushing on you <span class="motif" data-type="women">sweetheart</span> but yeah I'm a <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">player</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Sort of like <span class="motif" data-type="sports">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Isaiah</span>
               </span> so
                baby let me <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">coach</span>
                you</span>
               <br/>
            And I know I'm not the first jerk to <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">approach
                    you</span>
               <br/>
            So this ain't nothing new to you, nothing <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">unusual</span>
               <br/>
            Nothing you ain't used to so my nothing is <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">useable</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Hey yo don't tell me be patient with no doctor <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">prescription</span>
               <br/>Emotionless <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">positions</span> and provocative
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">visions</span>
               <br/>Should've known you missed a note like the octave was <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="5">switching</span>
               <br/>Remember hate the game but <span class="motif" data-type="women">she's</span> spotting some <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="4">glitches</span>
               <br/>It's a simulation yeah, <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="7">stimulation</span>
               <br/>Take off your shirt, let me feel <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="6">manipulative</span>
               <br/>My heart like the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Himalayas</span>
               </span> but yeah I <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="9"
                     data-rhyme="10"
                     data-slantrhyme="8">slay <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I'm crushing on you <span class="motif" data-type="women">sweetheart</span> but yeah I'm a <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">player</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Sort of like <span class="motif" data-type="sports">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Isaiah</span>
               </span> so
                baby let me <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">coach</span>
                you</span>
               <br/>And I know I'm not the first jerk to <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">approach
                    you</span>
               <br/>So this ain't nothing new to you, nothing <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">unusual</span>
               <br/>Nothing you ain't used to so my nothing is <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">useable</span>
               <br/>
            We all <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">try</span> when you go <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">bye</span>, we all <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">high</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Truth is I'm never <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="5">home</span> and I'm
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assonance="4">cold</span> if that's where the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="7 8">heart lies</span>
               <br/>
            So label me as <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="6 8">heartless</span>, it's not
                that I don't care<br/>
            I just learned to use my <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="8"
                     data-rhyme="9"
                     data-slantrhyme="6 7">heart
                    less</span>, gain sanity and lost <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8">stress</span>
               <br/>
            It put me in a state that just started taking a <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11">toll on me</span>
               <br/>
            Kept the secrets you <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10">told me</span>, emotions
                I would hold <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">beneath</span>
               <br/>
            Always kept the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">L</span> so I know <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="12">defeat</span>
               <br/>
            Said everything will feel much better soon as you know I leave<br/>
            Not sure if it's the <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-alliteration="15 16">meds</span> that <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-alliteration="14 16">made</span> you think I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-alliteration="14 15">mediocre</span>
               <br/>
            I was still body with a glove on, you know I'm a cold <span class="motif" data-type="women">ma</span>
               <br/>
            I'm in animal pause, but you got an Ark<br/>
            When it flooded, used to always feel like Noah<br/>
               <br/>We all <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">try</span> when you go <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">bye</span>, we all <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">high</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Truth is I'm never <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assonance="5">home</span> and I'm
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assonance="4">cold</span> if that's where the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="7 8">heart lies</span>
               <br/>So label me as <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="6 8">heartless</span>, it's not
                that I don't care<br/>I just learned to use my <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="8"
                     data-rhyme="9"
                     data-slantrhyme="6 7">heart
                    less</span>, gain sanity and lost <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8">stress</span>
               <br/>It put me in a state that just started taking a <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11">toll on me</span>
               <br/>Kept the secrets you <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10">told me</span>, emotions
                I would hold <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">beneath</span>
               <br/>Always kept the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">L</span> so I know <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="12">defeat</span>
               <br/>Said everything will feel much better soon as you know I leave<br/>Not sure if it's the <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-alliteration="15 16">meds</span> that <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-alliteration="14 16">made</span> you think I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-alliteration="14 15">mediocre</span>
               <br/>I was still body with a glove on, you know I'm a cold <span class="motif" data-type="women">ma</span>
               <br/>I'm in animal pause, but you got an Ark<br/>When it flooded, used to always feel like Noah<br/>
            And I know I <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3 4">know <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Had these kind of skills I had to <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3 4">show
                            <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            So I told <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'm the nigga she see on the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2 4">posters</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Came back through and I put it in the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1 2 3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">holster</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Just had to teach <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> one time<br/>
            Put it down, don't really give a <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">fuck
                    though</span>
               <br/>
            Don't front<br/>
            And tell <span class="motif" data-type="women">your bitch</span> don't <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">front though</span>
               <br/>
            Don't front<br/>
               <br/>And I know I <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3 4">know <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Had these kind of skills I had to <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3 4">show
                            <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>
               <br/>So I told <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'm the nigga she see on the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2 4">posters</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Came back through and I put it in the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1 2 3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">holster</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Just had to teach <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> one time<br/>Put it down, don't really give a <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">fuck
                    though</span>
               <br/>Don't front<br/>And tell <span class="motif" data-type="women">your bitch</span> don't <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">front though</span>
               <br/>Don't front<br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e7639">Righteous Minds</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/_w03SVYzld4"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
            I never knew the world could be this <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">mad</span>
               <br/>
            Only vision I had of sex was <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Color Me
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">Badd</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And I never knew the world could be this <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4">cold</span>
               <br/>
            Only time a nigga die, he was playing a <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-rhyme="5 6"
                     data-slantrhyme="3">role</span>
               <br/>
            But now niggas get their <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-alliteration="6 7"
                     data-rhyme="4 6">souls</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="6"
                     data-alliteration="5 7"
                     data-rhyme="4 5">stole'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-alliteration="5 6">so</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="9 10">often</span>
               <br/>
            They only thing they offer dreamers is a wake and a <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8 10">coffin</span>
               <br/>
            From <span class="motif" data-type="geo">NY</span>, to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Compton</span>, down to
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="8 9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Austin</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> said that <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2 3">orifice</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1 3">morph</span> into <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-assonance="1 2"
                     data-rhyme="4">abortions</span> without <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">precaution</span>
               <br/>
            Problem with our people, there's too many wanna-be <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="7 8">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">Jordan</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Too many <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="7">forces</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="money">thinking they could make a <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="7"
                        data-alliteration="6"
                        data-rhyme="5 8">fortune</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="5 7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">scorin'</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Too many wanna-be <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10 11 12">actors</span> instead of achieving their <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9 11 12">masters</span>
               <br/>
            At least a <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="9 10 12">bachelors</span> but no,
                    too many wanna-be <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="9 10 11">rappers</span>
               <br/>
            That's just <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">statistics</span>, don't mistake
                me for <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="haters">hypocrites</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Like niggas in the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="16">White
                        House</span>
                supplying <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="15">White-Out</span>
               <br/>
            On Jim Crow Laws, you probably <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="18 19">missed it</span>
               <br/>
            Hard to be <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-slantrhyme="17 19">persistent</span> when
                    <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">you're <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">tryin'</span> to fight for your <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="17 18">existence</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <br/>I never knew the world could be this <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">mad</span>
               <br/>Only vision I had of sex was <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Color Me
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">Badd</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And I never knew the world could be this <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4">cold</span>
               <br/>Only time a nigga die, he was playing a <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="4"
                     data-rhyme="5 6"
                     data-slantrhyme="3">role</span>
               <br/>But now niggas get their <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-alliteration="6 7"
                     data-rhyme="4 6">souls</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="6"
                     data-alliteration="5 7"
                     data-rhyme="4 5">stole'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-alliteration="5 6">so</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="9 10">often</span>
               <br/>They only thing they offer dreamers is a wake and a <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8 10">coffin</span>
               <br/>From <span class="motif" data-type="geo">NY</span>, to <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Compton</span>, down to
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="8 9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Austin</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She</span> said that <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2 3">orifice</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1 3">morph</span> into <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-assonance="1 2"
                     data-rhyme="4">abortions</span> without <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">precaution</span>
               <br/>Problem with our people, there's too many wanna-be <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="7 8">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">Jordan</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Too many <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-alliteration="7">forces</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="money">thinking they could make a <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="7"
                        data-alliteration="6"
                        data-rhyme="5 8">fortune</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="5 7">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="sports">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">scorin'</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>Too many wanna-be <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10 11 12">actors</span> instead of achieving their <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9 11 12">masters</span>
               <br/>At least a <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="9 10 12">bachelors</span> but no,
                    too many wanna-be <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="9 10 11">rappers</span>
               <br/>That's just <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">statistics</span>, don't mistake
                me for <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="haters">hypocrites</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Like niggas in the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="16">White
                        House</span>
                supplying <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="15">White-Out</span>
               <br/>On Jim Crow Laws, you probably <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="18 19">missed it</span>
               <br/>Hard to be <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-slantrhyme="17 19">persistent</span> when
                    <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">you're <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">tryin'</span> to fight for your <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="17 18">existence</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It ain't easy <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2 3">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">livin'</span>
                  </span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1 3">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-alliteration="1 2">like</span> this</span>
               <br/>
            When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assimilation="5 6">righteous</span> but know a nigga <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="4 6">might just</span>
               <br/>
            Leave you <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="4 5">lifeless</span> for <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8 9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>
               </span>, or high tech <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7 9">devices</span>
               <br/>
            So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 8">crisis</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>
            When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>
            Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>
            So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>
            When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>
            Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>
            So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>
            When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>
            Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>
            So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It ain't easy <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2 3">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">livin'</span>
                  </span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1 3">life</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-alliteration="1 2">like</span> this</span>
               <br/>When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assimilation="5 6">righteous</span> but know a nigga <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="4 6">might just</span>
               <br/>Leave you <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="4 5">lifeless</span> for <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8 9">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>
               </span>, or high tech <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7 9">devices</span>
               <br/>So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7 8">crisis</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
            Person mad nervous, <span class="motif" data-type="money">you <span class="motif" data-type="guns">
                     <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">surrender</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">sterling</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Look them in the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">eye</span>, If looks
                    made you <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">die</span>, you know you merk <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="7 8">Right there</span>, plus his hide is like,
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="9">right here</span>
               <br/>
            So you know that if you would <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="5 8">fight fair</span> then you'd have him like, <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="5 7">quite scared</span>
               <br/>
            But don't forget the <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC</span>
                held high by your <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="6">right
                    ear</span>
               <br/>
            So listen loud and <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11 14">clear</span>: you don't
                wanna lose your life, <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10 14">dear</span>
               <br/>
            And don’t you show a <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="13">slight tear</span> or let
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12">sight fear</span>
               <br/>
            Just let <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="10 11">disappear</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="16">night air</span>, yea with your <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">Nike Airs</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Ride by the crackheads, left alone in the apartment<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">Mothers</span> be <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">jobless</span>, so they make <span class="motif" data-type="money">dollars</span>
                    shaking it <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">topless</span>,
                    and</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Daddy been gone said he, took off like <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4 5 6">ostrich</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Since he gain <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3 5 6">knowledge</span>, I’m
                keeping it with the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="3 4 6">synopsis</span>,
                and<br/>
            Shit like that make you wish you were <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="3 4 5">adopted</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">To escape the <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8 9 10 11">pain</span>, you join a <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7 9 10 11">gang</span>
               </span> and get <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">intoxicated</span>
               <br/>
            Have no <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="7 8 10 11">shame</span>, nothing wrong
                with some <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Mary <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="7 8 9 11">Jane</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">The only thing is you do it <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="7 8 9 10">again</span>, and again, and again, and
                    again</span>
               <br/>
            And again, and again, and again...<br/>
               <br/>Person mad nervous, <span class="motif" data-type="money">you <span class="motif" data-type="guns">
                     <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-alliteration="2">surrender</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="1">sterling</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>Look them in the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">eye</span>, If looks
                    made you <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">die</span>, you know you merk <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="7 8">Right there</span>, plus his hide is like,
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="9">right here</span>
               <br/>So you know that if you would <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="5 8">fight fair</span> then you'd have him like, <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="5 7">quite scared</span>
               <br/>But don't forget the <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC</span>
                held high by your <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="6">right
                    ear</span>
               <br/>So listen loud and <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11 14">clear</span>: you don't
                wanna lose your life, <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10 14">dear</span>
               <br/>And don’t you show a <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="13">slight tear</span> or let
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12">sight fear</span>
               <br/>Just let <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="10 11">disappear</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="16">night air</span>, yea with your <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">Nike Airs</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Ride by the crackheads, left alone in the apartment<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">Mothers</span> be <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">jobless</span>, so they make <span class="motif" data-type="money">dollars</span>
                    shaking it <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">topless</span>,
                    and</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Daddy been gone said he, took off like <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4 5 6">ostrich</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Since he gain <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3 5 6">knowledge</span>, I’m
                keeping it with the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="3 4 6">synopsis</span>,
                and<br/>Shit like that make you wish you were <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="3 4 5">adopted</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">To escape the <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8 9 10 11">pain</span>, you join a <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7 9 10 11">gang</span>
               </span> and get <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">intoxicated</span>
               <br/>Have no <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="7 8 10 11">shame</span>, nothing wrong
                with some <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Mary <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="7 8 9 11">Jane</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">The only thing is you do it <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="7 8 9 10">again</span>, and again, and again, and
                    again</span>
               <br/>And again, and again, and again...<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>
            When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>
            Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>
            So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>
            When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>
            Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>
            So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>
            When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>
            Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>
            So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>
            When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>
            Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>
            So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
            Scene from Belly<br/>
               <br/>Scene from Belly<br/>
            Imagine me fed up, a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3 5">go-getter</span>, for
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3 5">mo' <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="money">cheddar</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-rhyme="1 2 5"
                     data-slantrhyme="4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">Po'
                        never</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3">blow
                        <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Berettas</span>
               </span> '<span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I know <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-rhyme="1 2 3"
                     data-slantrhyme="6">no better</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">No <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Era</span>
               </span>, no <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">STEEZ</span>, no <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Kirk</span>, no <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Lee</span>
               <br/>
            No <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">school</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">no
                        <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">OG</span>
               </span>, no talent, <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">no me</span>
               <br/>
            What if I just ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10 11 12">act
                right</span>?<br/>
            What if I pack <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9 11 12">crack
                    white</span> with my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="9 10 12">sack
                    tight</span>, join the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="12"
                     data-rhyme="9 10 11"
                     data-slantrhyme="13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">gat</span> fight</span>?<br/>
            The <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="13"
                     data-rhyme="14 15"
                     data-slantrhyme="12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">click-clack</span>
                    type</span>, slide in the <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13 15">vipe</span> with the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="13 14">black stripe</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And give my friends the <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="17">back
                        knife</span>, '<span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">"<span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">That's life</span>,
                    nigga"</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Imagine me fed up, a <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3 5">go-getter</span>, for
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3 5">mo' <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="money">cheddar</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="3"
                     data-rhyme="1 2 5"
                     data-slantrhyme="4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">Po'
                        never</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3">blow
                        <span class="motif" data-type="guns">Berettas</span>
               </span> '<span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I know <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="5"
                     data-rhyme="1 2 3"
                     data-slantrhyme="6">no better</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">No <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Era</span>
               </span>, no <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">STEEZ</span>, no <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Kirk</span>, no <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Lee</span>
               <br/>No <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">school</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">no
                        <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">OG</span>
               </span>, no talent, <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">no me</span>
               <br/>What if I just ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10 11 12">act
                right</span>?<br/>What if I pack <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9 11 12">crack
                    white</span> with my <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="9 10 12">sack
                    tight</span>, join the <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="12"
                     data-rhyme="9 10 11"
                     data-slantrhyme="13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">gat</span> fight</span>?<br/>The <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="13"
                     data-rhyme="14 15"
                     data-slantrhyme="12">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="guns">click-clack</span>
                    type</span>, slide in the <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13 15">vipe</span> with the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="13 14">black stripe</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And give my friends the <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="17">back
                        knife</span>, '<span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">"<span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">That's life</span>,
                    nigga"</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>
            When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>
            Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>
            So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>
            When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>
            Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>
            So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>
            When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>
            Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>
            So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>
            When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>
            Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>
            So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">It really ain't easy <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">livin'</span> life like this</span>
               <br/>When you <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">tryin'</span> to be righteous but know a nigga might just<br/>Leave you lifeless for <span class="motif" data-type="money">prices</span>, or
                high tech devices<br/>So keep that <span class="motif" data-type="guns">TEC-9</span> or meet your crisis<br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e8498">Where It'$ At</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/7Qk7ry8jSzE"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
            Ay what it is one time what up<br/>
            Ay what it is one time what up<br/>
            Ay what it is two time what up<br/>
            Two time two time what up<br/>
            Ay what it is one time what up<br/>
            Lemme know<br/>
            Lemme know<br/>
            Lemme know<br/>
            Lemme know<br/>
               <br/>Ay what it is one time what up<br/>Ay what it is one time what up<br/>Ay what it is two time what up<br/>Two time two time what up<br/>Ay what it is one time what up<br/>Lemme know<br/>Lemme know<br/>Lemme know<br/>Lemme know<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Let's get down tonight</span>
               <br/>
            I think I might <span class="motif" data-type="weed">blow a whole pound</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">tonight</span>
               <br/>
            So <span class="motif" data-type="women">shorty</span> hit me with the spot and if it sound <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">alright</span>
               <br/>
            Then you know I'm in the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4">house</span>
               <br/>
            Let a nigga run his <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3">mouth</span>
               <br/>
            It's going down on <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">sight</span>
               <br/>
            I'm always down to <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">fight</span>
               <br/>
            Ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="9">duff</span> a nigga
                in the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="10">while</span>, no <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7">bluff</span>
               <br/>
            Ain't <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">no church when you're
                    living in the <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="8">wild</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I was hidden in the <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">crowd</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">Rippin'</span>
                    on some <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">loud</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'Til</span> I seen
                the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="haters">
                     <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">sucka</span>
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">nigga</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
                dick-<span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">lickin'</span> on my style<br/>
            Wow must've been the <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4" data-slantrhyme="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">material linen</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Whole night kept him in my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="4">peripheral
                    vision</span>
               <br/>
            All I <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span> say
                is the word and <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="7" data-slantrhyme="1">imperials get him</span>
               <br/>
            Word to my pops I know niggas known for <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1" data-slantrhyme="2">serial <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">killin'</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            But back to the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">women</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            They <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span>
                catch me <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">slippin</span>'<br/>
            So I <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                    pack a mags to stop <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="3">venereal
                    venoms</span>
               <br/>
            From entering my <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="9">system</span>
               <br/>
            If it ain't my <span class="motif" data-type="women">moms</span> or my <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="8">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">sis'</span> then</span>
               <br/>
            I put <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> in the system<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Let's get down tonight</span>
               <br/>I think I might <span class="motif" data-type="weed">blow a whole pound</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">tonight</span>
               <br/>So <span class="motif" data-type="women">shorty</span> hit me with the spot and if it sound <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">alright</span>
               <br/>Then you know I'm in the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4">house</span>
               <br/>Let a nigga run his <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3">mouth</span>
               <br/>It's going down on <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">sight</span>
               <br/>I'm always down to <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">fight</span>
               <br/>Ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="9">duff</span> a nigga
                in the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="10">while</span>, no <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7">bluff</span>
               <br/>Ain't <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">no church when you're
                    living in the <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="8">wild</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I was hidden in the <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">crowd</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">Rippin'</span>
                    on some <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">loud</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'Til</span> I seen
                the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="haters">
                     <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">sucka</span>
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">nigga</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
                dick-<span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">lickin'</span> on my style<br/>Wow must've been the <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4" data-slantrhyme="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="fashion">material linen</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Whole night kept him in my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="4">peripheral
                    vision</span>
               <br/>All I <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span> say
                is the word and <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="7" data-slantrhyme="1">imperials get him</span>
               <br/>Word to my pops I know niggas known for <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1" data-slantrhyme="2">serial <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">killin'</span>
               </span>
               <br/>But back to the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">women</span>
               </span>
               <br/>They <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span>
                catch me <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5">slippin</span>'<br/>So I <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                    pack a mags to stop <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="3">venereal
                    venoms</span>
               <br/>From entering my <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="9">system</span>
               <br/>If it ain't my <span class="motif" data-type="women">moms</span> or my <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="8">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">sis'</span> then</span>
               <br/>I put <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial">'em</span> in the system<br/>
            So tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">do</span>)<br/>
            I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got
                    a lot to come <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">true</span>
               </span>)<br/>
            I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>
            So tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got a lot
                    to come true</span>)<br/>
            I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>
            Tell me where it's at and I'm in that spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got a lot to
                    come true</span>)<br/>
            Let me know <br/>
            Let me know <br/>
            Let me know<br/>
            Let me know<br/>
               <br/>So tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">do</span>)<br/>I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got
                    a lot to come <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">true</span>
               </span>)<br/>I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>So tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got a lot
                    to come true</span>)<br/>I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>Tell me where it's at and I'm in that spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got a lot to
                    come true</span>)<br/>Let me know <br/>Let me know <br/>Let me know<br/>Let me know<br/>
            Yo let me tell you what I'm living <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">like</span>
               <br/>
            Same shit just a <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3" data-slantrhyme="1">different
                    night</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Super bad chicks</span> and they all up in my <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">kryptonite</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial">'Bout</span> to
                    get down<br/>
            I'm <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> get up in the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5">tight</span>
               <br/>
            So <span class="motif" data-type="weed">roll the endo</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4" data-slantrhyme="6">right</span>
               <br/>
            And I can show you what them <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">like</span>
               <br/>
            They just wanna come and have <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8 9 10">fun</span>
               <br/>
            Told this <span class="motif" data-type="women">little hun</span> she could <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7 9 10">come</span>
               <br/>
            But don't touch my <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="7 8 10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">funds</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I might get crazy<br/>
            I might <span class="motif" data-type="guns">bust a <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="7 8 9">gun</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            So just give me some more<br/>
            And I might <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">bust her
                son</span>
               <br/>
            Might <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">bust and run</span>
               <br/>
            They said love will come <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">knockin'</span> at my door<br/>
            Well I guess lust
                <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">must've rung</span>
               <br/>
            The <span class="motif" data-type="weed">dutch</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">touch the lungs</span> and it was <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4 5">on</span>
               <br/>
            Had <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">beggin'</span> for
                    the dawn <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'til</span> the crack of <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3 5">dawn</span>
               <br/>
            Then I passed it off to <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3 4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Kwon</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I said it <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                be the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="7">swank</span> if it ain't the <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="6">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">rank</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> some
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="9 10">pull <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               </span> like how dreamers pull doe<br/>
            Hold up<br/>
            Let me <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="8 10">pull ove'</span>
               <br/>
            Told <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> to hop in then put it back and drove<br/>
            And <span class="motif" data-type="sports">hit it out-park</span> like <span class="motif" data-type="sports">Al <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="8 9">Pujols</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <br/>Yo let me tell you what I'm living <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">like</span>
               <br/>Same shit just a <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="3" data-slantrhyme="1">different
                    night</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Super bad chicks</span> and they all up in my <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="2">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">kryptonite</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="a"
                     data-position="initial">'Bout</span> to
                    get down<br/>I'm <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="trying"
                     data-word2="to">tryna</span> get up in the <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5">tight</span>
               <br/>So <span class="motif" data-type="weed">roll the endo</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4" data-slantrhyme="6">right</span>
               <br/>And I can show you what them <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">like</span>
               <br/>They just wanna come and have <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8 9 10">fun</span>
               <br/>Told this <span class="motif" data-type="women">little hun</span> she could <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7 9 10">come</span>
               <br/>But don't touch my <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="7 8 10">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">funds</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I might get crazy<br/>I might <span class="motif" data-type="guns">bust a <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="7 8 9">gun</span>
               </span>
               <br/>So just give me some more<br/>And I might <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">bust her
                son</span>
               <br/>Might <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">bust and run</span>
               <br/>They said love will come <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">knockin'</span> at my door<br/>Well I guess lust
                <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">must've rung</span>
               <br/>The <span class="motif" data-type="weed">dutch</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">touch the lungs</span> and it was <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4 5">on</span>
               <br/>Had <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">beggin'</span> for
                    the dawn <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'til</span> the crack of <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3 5">dawn</span>
               <br/>Then I passed it off to <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3 4">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Kwon</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I said it <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">gotta</span>
                be the <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="7">swank</span> if it ain't the <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="6">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">rank</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> some
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="9 10">pull <span class="motif" data-type="women">hoes</span>
               </span> like how dreamers pull doe<br/>Hold up<br/>Let me <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="8 10">pull ove'</span>
               <br/>Told <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> to hop in then put it back and drove<br/>And <span class="motif" data-type="sports">hit it out-park</span> like <span class="motif" data-type="sports">Al <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="8 9">Pujols</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            So tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>
            I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got
                    a lot to come true</span>)<br/>
            I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>
            So tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got a lot
                    to come true</span>)<br/>
            I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>
            Tell me where it's at and I'm in that spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got a lot to
                    come true</span>)<br/>
            Let me know <br/>
            Let me know <br/>
            Let me now<br/>
            Let me know<br/>
               <br/>So tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got
                    a lot to come true</span>)<br/>I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>So tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got a lot
                    to come true</span>)<br/>I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>Tell me where it's at and I'm in that spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got a lot to
                    come true</span>)<br/>Let me know <br/>Let me know <br/>Let me now<br/>Let me know<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She's</span> so <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">enticing</span>
               <br/>
            Derogatory thoughts when I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">sighting</span>
               <br/>
            Slangs to get <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> wet<br/>
            And I heard you're <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">overflowing</span>, I
                    could test the waters like <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assimilation="5 6">sea
                        man</span>, and I heard you like <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="4 6">semen</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="4 5">see man</span>
               <br/>
            Well let me slide through
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">I know you're <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">feelin'</span> the kid</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> these
                nonchalant lines is <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">lettin'</span> me in</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-alliteration="10">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">Cause</span>
               </span> on <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-alliteration="9">contrast</span>
               <br/>
            I could see us lovebirds it's in plain <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">sight</span>
               <br/>
            And am I <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">right</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I
                heard you like the international <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">lovin'</span>
               <br/>
            On a higher <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="14">scale</span>
               <br/>
            When I mean scale I do it <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="13">well</span>
               <br/>
            Let me go deeper feel like I'm doing it well<br/>
            Word on the street you acting like a bastard<br/>
            Can I be you <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">daddy</span>?<br/>
            You can hop up in my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">caddy</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And I heard you got the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">fatty</span>
               <br/>
            Yeah cellurite<br/>
            Just remember it's amazing how I come up on the track<br/>
            So duck and <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5">weave</span>
               <br/>
            And please <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4">believe</span>
               <br/>
            My side effect is <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">shakin'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="7">knees</span>
               <br/>
            Damn here I go again with the suggestive <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="6">themes</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">She's</span> so <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">enticing</span>
               <br/>Derogatory thoughts when I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">sighting</span>
               <br/>Slangs to get <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span> wet<br/>And I heard you're <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">overflowing</span>, I
                    could test the waters like <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-assimilation="5 6">sea
                        man</span>, and I heard you like <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="4 6">semen</span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="4 5">see man</span>
               <br/>Well let me slide through
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">I know you're <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8">
                     <span class="ling"
                           data-type="dropping"
                           data-field="phon"
                           data-sound="g"
                           data-position="final">feelin'</span> the kid</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> these
                nonchalant lines is <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-slantrhyme="7">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="g"
                        data-position="final">lettin'</span> me in</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-alliteration="10">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">Cause</span>
               </span> on <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-alliteration="9">contrast</span>
               <br/>I could see us lovebirds it's in plain <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">sight</span>
               <br/>And am I <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">right</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I
                heard you like the international <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">lovin'</span>
               <br/>On a higher <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-slantrhyme="14">scale</span>
               <br/>When I mean scale I do it <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="13">well</span>
               <br/>Let me go deeper feel like I'm doing it well<br/>Word on the street you acting like a bastard<br/>Can I be you <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">daddy</span>?<br/>You can hop up in my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">caddy</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And I heard you got the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">fatty</span>
               <br/>Yeah cellurite<br/>Just remember it's amazing how I come up on the track<br/>So duck and <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5">weave</span>
               <br/>And please <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4">believe</span>
               <br/>My side effect is <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="g"
                     data-position="final">shakin'</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="7">knees</span>
               <br/>Damn here I go again with the suggestive <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="6">themes</span>
               <br/>
            So tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>
            I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got
                    a lot to come true</span>)<br/>
            I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>
            So tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got a lot
                    to come true</span>)<br/>
            I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>
            Tell me where it's at and I'm in that spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got a lot to
                    come true</span>)<br/>
            Let me know <br/>
            Let me know <br/>
            Let me now<br/>
            Let me know<br/>
               <br/>So tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got
                    a lot to come true</span>)<br/>I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>So tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got a lot
                    to come true</span>)<br/>I said so tell me where it's at and I'm in the spot (so what you wanna do)<br/>Tell me where it's at and I'm in that spot (<span class="motif" data-type="success">we got a lot to
                    come true</span>)<br/>Let me know <br/>Let me know <br/>Let me now<br/>Let me know<br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
      <div class="box">
         <div class="bodyfont">
            <a href="#top">
               <h3 id="d1e9196">Suspect</h3>
            </a>
            <div style="position:relative;width:267px;height:25px;overflow:hidden;">
               <div style="position:absolute;top:-276px;left:-5px">
                  <iframe width="300"
                          height="300"
                          src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/93j_WK3ocsw"/>
               </div>
            </div>
            <button>Lyrics</button>
            <p>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">outside</span>
               <br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">tonight</span>
               <br/>
            Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4 5">get</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3 5">split</span>
                on some third eye <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3 4">shit</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">outside</span>
               <br/>You might get your wig pushed back
                <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">tonight</span>
               <br/>Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4 5">get</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3 5">split</span>
                on some third eye <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3 4">shit</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">Started <span class="motif" data-type="weed">blazing</span>
               </span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">star gazing</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">See how you can reach your farthest
                aspirations</span>
               <br/>
            It's like <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">holy</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">matrimony</span> in <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">The Matrix</span>
               <br/>
            It ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="6">shit</span>, they just call it a
                strange <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">shift</span>
               <br/>
            Cold feet <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I'm on thin <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8">ice</span>
               <br/>
            It's <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="9" data-slantrhyme="7">alright</span> besides the
                fact I want it all in one <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8">night</span>
               <br/>
            Like, you can't skip <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="12">steps</span> is the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="13">best</span>
               <br/>
            Even though the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="10">vets</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="guns">hold a .47</span> with a <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="11">vest</span>
               <br/>
            Now that's a wise <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="15">investment</span>
               <br/>
            Or a concept to try and hide divine <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="14">intentions</span>
               <br/>
            It's like, <span class="motif" data-type="haters">let <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial"> em </span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="17 19">hate</span>
               </span>, stay calm and
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16 19">meditate</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">When life has the <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-consonance="19 20">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">lemons</span>
                  </span>
               </span> it's time to <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="19"
                     data-assimilation="20"
                     data-consonance="18 20"
                     data-rhyme="16 17">eliminate</span>
               <br/>
            More <span class="motif" data-type="weed">sour</span> than <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="20"
                     data-assimilation="19"
                     data-consonance="18 19">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">lemonade</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="22 23">anyways</span>
               <br/>
            Different <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="21 23">days</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="weed">different
                    highs</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="weed">different <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="21 22">haze</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-assimilation="25">Kama
                        Sutra</span>
               </span> with <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">Miss Mary
                        Jane</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And the <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-assimilation="24">karma suits
                        <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> a
                    <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">vibrant thang</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">Started <span class="motif" data-type="weed">blazing</span>
               </span> and <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">star gazing</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">See how you can reach your farthest
                aspirations</span>
               <br/>It's like <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">holy</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">matrimony</span> in <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">The Matrix</span>
               <br/>It ain't <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="6">shit</span>, they just call it a
                strange <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">shift</span>
               <br/>Cold feet <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I'm on thin <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="8">ice</span>
               <br/>It's <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="9" data-slantrhyme="7">alright</span> besides the
                fact I want it all in one <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="8">night</span>
               <br/>Like, you can't skip <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="12">steps</span> is the
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="13">best</span>
               <br/>Even though the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="10">vets</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="guns">hold a .47</span> with a <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="11">vest</span>
               <br/>Now that's a wise <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="15">investment</span>
               <br/>Or a concept to try and hide divine <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="14">intentions</span>
               <br/>It's like, <span class="motif" data-type="haters">let <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial"> em </span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="17 19">hate</span>
               </span>, stay calm and
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16 19">meditate</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">When life has the <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-consonance="19 20">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">lemons</span>
                  </span>
               </span> it's time to <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="19"
                     data-assimilation="20"
                     data-consonance="18 20"
                     data-rhyme="16 17">eliminate</span>
               <br/>More <span class="motif" data-type="weed">sour</span> than <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="20"
                     data-assimilation="19"
                     data-consonance="18 19">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">lemonade</span>
               </span>, <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="22 23">anyways</span>
               <br/>Different <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="21 23">days</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="weed">different
                    highs</span>, <span class="motif" data-type="weed">different <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="21 22">haze</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-assimilation="25">Kama
                        Sutra</span>
               </span> with <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">Miss Mary
                        Jane</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And the <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-assimilation="24">karma suits
                        <span class="motif" data-type="women">her</span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> a
                    <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">vibrant thang</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
            Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">You niggas is <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">suspect</span>
               </span> and I'm just a <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">ruffneck</span>
               <br/>
            That wasn't breaking pencil tips when I would <span class="motif" data-type="guns">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4 5 6">bust lead</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3 5 6">puff meds</span>
               </span> and leave
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3 4 6">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="haters">chumps</span> fed</span> and
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="3 4 5">punks
                dead</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Her</span> cunt <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="9">wet</span>
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> getting rough sex no <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7">sunset</span>
               <br/>
            I like a <span class="motif" data-type="women">chick</span> with a <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="11">buck tooth</span>
                yeah it could get <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="11"
                     data-rhyme="12"
                     data-slantrhyme="10">fucked
                        too</span>
               <br/>
            We keep one eye open <span class="motif" data-type="haters">they <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">sus
                        too</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Never tell <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial"> em
                </span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">government</span>
                make any <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">covenant</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> be <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="16 17">loving it</span>
               <br/>
            Say not to put a <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15 17">glove on it</span>
                    some <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="15 16">funny shit</span>
               <br/>
            You must've thought I was a <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-slantrhyme="21">dummy <span class="motif" data-type="women">Miss</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            I <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="20">feed lines</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">felines</span>
               </span> just to
                    get up in their <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-slantrhyme="18">tummies
                        quick</span>
               <br/>
            Yeah you got tricks but I got <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="23">five
                more</span>
               <br/>
            So any game you try to play <span class="motif" data-type="success">you better know I got the
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="22">high score</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            You better <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-slantrhyme="25 26">settle down</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> you
                not on my <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-slantrhyme="24 26">level now</span>
               <br/>
            The <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Pros</span> is semi-circle they can tell the world
                    you <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-slantrhyme="24 25">get
                around</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Some niggas clowns</span> what's the shit <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-rhyme="28 29">about</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">They used to <span class="poetics" data-num="28" data-rhyme="27 29">doubt</span>
               </span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">now they see us sprout</span> and I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="29" data-rhyme="27 28">out</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">You niggas is <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">suspect</span>
               </span> and I'm just a <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">ruffneck</span>
               <br/>That wasn't breaking pencil tips when I would <span class="motif" data-type="guns">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4 5 6">bust lead</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3 5 6">puff meds</span>
               </span> and leave
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="3 4 6">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="haters">chumps</span> fed</span> and
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="3 4 5">punks
                dead</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Her</span> cunt <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="9">wet</span>
                    <span class="motif" data-type="women">she</span> getting rough sex no <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="7">sunset</span>
               <br/>I like a <span class="motif" data-type="women">chick</span> with a <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="11">buck tooth</span>
                yeah it could get <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="11"
                     data-rhyme="12"
                     data-slantrhyme="10">fucked
                        too</span>
               <br/>We keep one eye open <span class="motif" data-type="haters">they <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">sus
                        too</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Never tell <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial"> em
                </span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">government</span>
                make any <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">covenant</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitches</span> be <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="16 17">loving it</span>
               <br/>Say not to put a <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15 17">glove on it</span>
                    some <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="15 16">funny shit</span>
               <br/>You must've thought I was a <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-slantrhyme="21">dummy <span class="motif" data-type="women">Miss</span>
               </span>
               <br/>I <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="20">feed lines</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="women">felines</span>
               </span> just to
                    get up in their <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-slantrhyme="18">tummies
                        quick</span>
               <br/>Yeah you got tricks but I got <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="23">five
                more</span>
               <br/>So any game you try to play <span class="motif" data-type="success">you better know I got the
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="22">high score</span>
               </span>
               <br/>You better <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-slantrhyme="25 26">settle down</span>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> you
                not on my <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-slantrhyme="24 26">level now</span>
               <br/>The <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Pros</span> is semi-circle they can tell the world
                    you <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-slantrhyme="24 25">get
                around</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Some niggas clowns</span> what's the shit <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-rhyme="28 29">about</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">They used to <span class="poetics" data-num="28" data-rhyme="27 29">doubt</span>
               </span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="success">now they see us sprout</span> and I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="29" data-rhyme="27 28">out</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
            Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">When I was thirteen</span>
                I was <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">bad</span>, rapping about
                        <span class="motif" data-type="guns">guns</span> we never <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">had</span>
               <br/>
            Now we <span class="motif" data-type="weed">smoke Raws with filter <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4">tips</span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">old homies</span> talking <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3">shit</span>
               <br/>
            Said you was best of <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="6">mine</span> but you
                stay <span class="motif" data-type="money">plotting on that <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">dime</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Thought <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> we was cool <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">before</span> that
                we <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="na"
                     data-position="initial">gon'</span> take
                yo ass on <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">tour</span> fuck nah<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">This my chance to get it</span>
               <br/>
            How you entitled to <span class="motif" data-type="success">my shine</span>, nigga you ain't
                help me get it<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Now these niggas see me <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10">getting it</span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="money">check the
                    statements on my <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9">debit</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            My profile get requested but I never hit <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="13">accept</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Hit the sour</span> to the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">chest</span>, I <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="13"
                     data-rhyme="11"
                     data-slantrhyme="12">reflect</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">When I was <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="15">fourteen</span>, up
                    late, eyes glued to the sampler <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="15"
                        data-rhyme="14"
                        data-slantrhyme="16">screen</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Eyes <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="15">beam</span>, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> we can make it <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="18">better</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Smoking on that Jack <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="18"
                        data-rhyme="17"
                        data-slantrhyme="19">Herer</span>
               </span>, welcome to the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Progressive
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="18">Era</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">When I was thirteen</span>
                I was <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">bad</span>, rapping about
                        <span class="motif" data-type="guns">guns</span> we never <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">had</span>
               <br/>Now we <span class="motif" data-type="weed">smoke Raws with filter <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-slantrhyme="4">tips</span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">old homies</span> talking <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-slantrhyme="3">shit</span>
               <br/>Said you was best of <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="6">mine</span> but you
                stay <span class="motif" data-type="money">plotting on that <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">dime</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Thought <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> we was cool <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">before</span> that
                we <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="na"
                     data-position="initial">gon'</span> take
                yo ass on <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">tour</span> fuck nah<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">This my chance to get it</span>
               <br/>How you entitled to <span class="motif" data-type="success">my shine</span>, nigga you ain't
                help me get it<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Now these niggas see me <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10">getting it</span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="money">check the
                    statements on my <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9">debit</span>
               </span>
               <br/>My profile get requested but I never hit <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="13">accept</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Hit the sour</span> to the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="13">chest</span>, I <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="13"
                     data-rhyme="11"
                     data-slantrhyme="12">reflect</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">When I was <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="15">fourteen</span>, up
                    late, eyes glued to the sampler <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="15"
                        data-rhyme="14"
                        data-slantrhyme="16">screen</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Eyes <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="15">beam</span>, <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> we can make it <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="18">better</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">Smoking on that Jack <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="18"
                        data-rhyme="17"
                        data-slantrhyme="19">Herer</span>
               </span>, welcome to the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Progressive
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="18">Era</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
            Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
            And brains don't matter<br/>
            But tell me what really <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3 4">matters</span> when
                you pissed off at the world<br/>
            Like you got a crazy <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3 4">bladder</span> and<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Momma</span> always said that <span class="motif" data-type="success">shit don't
                    come on silver <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2 4">platters</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            So I <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1 2 3">gather</span> my thoughts<br/>
            And make use of all these <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="6">synonyms</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I
                could never swallow the truth<br/>
            Like it's <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">cinnamon</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Excuse me if I'm militant
                <span class="motif" data-type="haters">the sinning men in my hood</span>
               <br/>
            Could leave a nigga quivering like goddamn,<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">Deliver</span> him
                <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">the venom</span> and his <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">liver</span> is corrupting all his <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="10">ligaments</span>
               <br/>
            Now he's at a standstill so tell me if he'll <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="9">live again</span>
               <br/>
            The fire in his heart, still seem to be simmering<br/>
            Now take that little simmer and turn it into <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">adrenaline</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">Penicillin</span> could not stop the drive he
                be giving <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial"> em
                </span> like<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assimilation="14">Mad fours</span> (Fords) and <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-assimilation="13">fast forward</span> let's get to the part
                where his <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="16 17 18">records</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="money">Could <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15 17 18">'ford</span> him a couple <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="15 16 18">Fords</span>
               </span> like <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="15 16 17">Lord</span>
               <br/>
            Ain't he gifted, Christmas just doesn't fit him<br/>
            I need my own <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="20">holiday</span> and by the <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19">way</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="I'm"
                        data-word2="going"
                        data-word3="to">I'mma</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="22 23 24">possibly</span> own <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="21 23 24">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Monopoly</span>
                  </span> and all <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">McDonald's</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="21 22 24">property</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="money">I won't live in <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="21 22 23">poverty</span>
               </span> like<br/>
               <br/>And brains don't matter<br/>But tell me what really <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3 4">matters</span> when
                you pissed off at the world<br/>Like you got a crazy <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3 4">bladder</span> and<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">Momma</span> always said that <span class="motif" data-type="success">shit don't
                    come on silver <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2 4">platters</span>
               </span>
               <br/>So I <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1 2 3">gather</span> my thoughts<br/>And make use of all these <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="6">synonyms</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> I
                could never swallow the truth<br/>Like it's <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="5">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">cinnamon</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Excuse me if I'm militant
                <span class="motif" data-type="haters">the sinning men in my hood</span>
               <br/>Could leave a nigga quivering like goddamn,<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">Deliver</span> him
                <span class="motif" data-type="alcohol">the venom</span> and his <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">liver</span> is corrupting all his <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-assimilation="10">ligaments</span>
               <br/>Now he's at a standstill so tell me if he'll <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-assimilation="9">live again</span>
               <br/>The fire in his heart, still seem to be simmering<br/>Now take that little simmer and turn it into <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12">adrenaline</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11">Penicillin</span> could not stop the drive he
                be giving <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="th"
                     data-position="initial"> em
                </span> like<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-assimilation="14">Mad fours</span> (Fords) and <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-assimilation="13">fast forward</span> let's get to the part
                where his <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="16 17 18">records</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="money">Could <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15 17 18">'ford</span> him a couple <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="15 16 18">Fords</span>
               </span> like <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="15 16 17">Lord</span>
               <br/>Ain't he gifted, Christmas just doesn't fit him<br/>I need my own <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="20">holiday</span> and by the <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19">way</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                  <span class="ling"
                        data-type="contraction"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-word1="I'm"
                        data-word2="going"
                        data-word3="to">I'mma</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="22 23 24">possibly</span> own <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="21 23 24">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Monopoly</span>
                  </span> and all <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">McDonald's</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="21 22 24">property</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="money">I won't live in <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="21 22 23">poverty</span>
               </span> like<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
            Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="success">In the clouds</span>
               </span> come and find me
                son, I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">flier</span> than <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1" data-rhyme="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="women">Hermione</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="2">Homie</span> tripping <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">got
                            <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial"> em
                        </span> sounding like <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="7">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Hansen</span>
                  </span> in the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6 8 9">nineties</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5 8 9">Charlie</span>
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="4">Manson</span>
               </span> your whole
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="5 6 9">body</span>
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span>
                    that damage in your <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="5 6 8">party</span>
               <br/>
            Can you manage what I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="11">dishing
                    out</span>, go get your <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="11"
                     data-rhyme="12 13"
                     data-slantrhyme="10">wishing count</span>
               <br/>
            You sell me something then I flip that
                <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11 13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="money">amount</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="money">I just switched that <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="11 12">account</span>
               </span>, get that <span class="motif" data-type="money">profit</span> then I'm out yeah<br/>
            They all wonder but it's <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Nyck</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitch</span> don't <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="15">doubt</span>
               <br/>
            Rip your lips off your <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="14">mouth</span>
               <br/>
            Man I'm violent ring the <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="17 18 21">siren</span> with these bars I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="16 18 21">reciting</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Cars with no <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-slantrhyme="16 17 21">license</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="20">Hard man</span>, I'm feeling like a
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19">spartan</span> with
                    a <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-slantrhyme="16 17 18">trident</span>
                    damn<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-slantrhyme="23 24">Picture perfect</span>, bet I'll make
                that <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-slantrhyme="22 24">picture worth it</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="money">I'll be doubling my spot</span>, no <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-slantrhyme="22 23">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Louisiana</span> purchase</span>
               <br/>
            So <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-rhyme="27">declare</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-slantrhyme="28">that</span>, with my <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-rhyme="25">hair</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="28"
                     data-rhyme="29"
                     data-slantrhyme="26">back</span>
               <br/>
            You want a fair one, catch a fair <span class="poetics" data-num="29" data-rhyme="28">smack</span>
               <br/>
            I hunt up on my <span class="poetics" data-num="30" data-rhyme="31 32">prey</span>
               <br/>
            So <span class="poetics" data-num="31" data-rhyme="30 32">pray</span> I ain't
                    hunting on your ass
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="32"
                     data-rhyme="30 31"
                     data-slantrhyme="33">today</span>, like be
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="33" data-slantrhyme="32">afraid</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="success">In the clouds</span>
               </span> come and find me
                son, I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-assonance="2">flier</span> than <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="1" data-rhyme="3">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="women">Hermione</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="2">Homie</span> tripping <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">got
                            <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="th"
                        data-position="initial"> em
                        </span> sounding like <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="7">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">Hansen</span>
                  </span> in the <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6 8 9">nineties</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5 8 9">Charlie</span>
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="4">Manson</span>
               </span> your whole
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="5 6 9">body</span>
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span>
                    that damage in your <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="5 6 8">party</span>
               <br/>Can you manage what I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-slantrhyme="11">dishing
                    out</span>, go get your <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="11"
                     data-rhyme="12 13"
                     data-slantrhyme="10">wishing count</span>
               <br/>You sell me something then I flip that
                <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11 13">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="money">amount</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="money">I just switched that <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="11 12">account</span>
               </span>, get that <span class="motif" data-type="money">profit</span> then I'm out yeah<br/>They all wonder but it's <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Nyck</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="women">bitch</span> don't <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-slantrhyme="15">doubt</span>
               <br/>Rip your lips off your <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="14">mouth</span>
               <br/>Man I'm violent ring the <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-slantrhyme="17 18 21">siren</span> with these bars I'm <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-slantrhyme="16 18 21">reciting</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="struggle">Cars with no <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-slantrhyme="16 17 21">license</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="20">Hard man</span>, I'm feeling like a
                        <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19">spartan</span> with
                    a <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-slantrhyme="16 17 18">trident</span>
                    damn<br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-slantrhyme="23 24">Picture perfect</span>, bet I'll make
                that <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-slantrhyme="22 24">picture worth it</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="money">I'll be doubling my spot</span>, no <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-slantrhyme="22 23">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="geo">Louisiana</span> purchase</span>
               <br/>So <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-rhyme="27">declare</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-slantrhyme="28">that</span>, with my <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-rhyme="25">hair</span>
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="28"
                     data-rhyme="29"
                     data-slantrhyme="26">back</span>
               <br/>You want a fair one, catch a fair <span class="poetics" data-num="29" data-rhyme="28">smack</span>
               <br/>I hunt up on my <span class="poetics" data-num="30" data-rhyme="31 32">prey</span>
               <br/>So <span class="poetics" data-num="31" data-rhyme="30 32">pray</span> I ain't
                    hunting on your ass
                <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="32"
                     data-rhyme="30 31"
                     data-slantrhyme="33">today</span>, like be
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="33" data-slantrhyme="32">afraid</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
            Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="food">Cool cuts</span> flow, <span class="motif" data-type="food">the deli</span> can't touch this<br/>
            Slipping like fishes, choking when you hit the cypher<br/>
            And I ain't talking <span class="motif" data-type="weed">weed smoke</span> but I let the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">weed <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4">blow</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Anything just <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="3">let</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="weed">the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-alliteration="2">leaves</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1">know</span>, oh<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Sucka's</span>
                fuck around, <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="6">get
                            <span class="motif" data-type="guns">clapped</span>
               </span> where you <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">rest at</span>
               <br/>
            Nigga saying you cracking, fire break you imagination ask your <span class="motif" data-type="women">lady</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">It's assassin when I come up on the track</span>
               <br/>
            It's a <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">curse</span> that I always try to find
                    sex in these <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">verses</span>
               <br/>
            But I got your <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10">attention</span>, it's part of
                my <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9">ascension</span>
               <br/>
            But if I keep <span class="motif" data-type="weed">toking this <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="12">strain</span>
               </span> is gonna leave me <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="11">stranded</span>
               <br/>
            In this <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">dimension</span>, or to <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">mention</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Niggas is snitching</span>, might charge me with <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="16">battery</span>
               <br/>
            But fuck that <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> piss was never in your <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15">anatomy</span>
               <br/>
            So don't <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="18 20">try</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="17 20">lie</span> on a nigga that got <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="20">mine</span>
                on my third <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="20"
                     data-rhyme="17 18"
                     data-slantrhyme="19">eye</span> shit<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="food">Cool cuts</span> flow, <span class="motif" data-type="food">the deli</span> can't touch this<br/>Slipping like fishes, choking when you hit the cypher<br/>And I ain't talking <span class="motif" data-type="weed">weed smoke</span> but I let the <span class="motif" data-type="weed">weed <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4">blow</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Anything just <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-alliteration="3">let</span>
                <span class="motif" data-type="weed">the <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-alliteration="2">leaves</span>
               </span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1">know</span>, oh<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Sucka's</span>
                fuck around, <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="6">get
                            <span class="motif" data-type="guns">clapped</span>
               </span> where you <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-slantrhyme="5">rest at</span>
               <br/>Nigga saying you cracking, fire break you imagination ask your <span class="motif" data-type="women">lady</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">It's assassin when I come up on the track</span>
               <br/>It's a <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">curse</span> that I always try to find
                    sex in these <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7">verses</span>
               <br/>But I got your <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10">attention</span>, it's part of
                my <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="9">ascension</span>
               <br/>But if I keep <span class="motif" data-type="weed">toking this <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-alliteration="12">strain</span>
               </span> is gonna leave me <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-alliteration="11">stranded</span>
               <br/>In this <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">dimension</span>, or to <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">mention</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Niggas is snitching</span>, might charge me with <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="16">battery</span>
               <br/>But fuck that <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> piss was never in your <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="15">anatomy</span>
               <br/>So don't <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="18 20">try</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="17 20">lie</span> on a nigga that got <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="20">mine</span>
                on my third <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="20"
                     data-rhyme="17 18"
                     data-slantrhyme="19">eye</span> shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
            Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
            Man <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'm on my higher degrees</span> without my <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4">masters</span>
               <br/>
            I could use my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="3">words</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="2">urge</span> into <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1">disasters</span>
               <br/>
            Niggas wanna know how my wheels keep on <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6 7 8 9 10">spinning</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">And they see we <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5 7 8 9 10">getting</span> love <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">cause</span> they see the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Pros</span> is <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="5 6 8 9 10">winning</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> we
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="5 6 7 9 10">giving</span> love back so they
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="5 6 7 8 10">peeping</span> how we <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="5 6 7 8 9">fitting</span>
               <br/>
            Ain't gonna have no <span class="motif" data-type="haters">sus nigga</span> stepping to <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12 13 14">me</span>
               <br/>
            I like to keep my chakras open so respect my <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11 13 14">G</span>
               <br/>
            I got <span class="motif" data-type="weed">the bush</span> going in, repping <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="11 12 14">FPT</span>
               <br/>
            So <span class="motif" data-type="haters">sus niggas</span> watch your back <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Pros</span>
                next to <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="11 12 13">me</span>
               <br/>
            I got <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Chuck</span> on the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="17 18 20">team</span> to collect the <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="19 21">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="money">green</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And show these <span class="motif" data-type="haters">suspect niggas</span> what it mean to <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="15 18 20">scheme</span>
               <br/>
            Another Apex predator crushing your <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="15 17 20">dreams</span>
               <br/>
            Gonna get your wig pushed back
                <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="16 21">between</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="15 17 18">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">cream</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Taking all you <span class="motif" data-type="haters">sus niggas</span> throw you out the <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="16 19">scene</span>
               <br/>
            I'm taking all you <span class="motif" data-type="haters">sus niggas</span> throw you out the
                    scene<br/>
            Taking all you <span class="motif" data-type="haters">sus niggas</span> throw you out the
                    scene<br/>
               <br/>Man <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'm on my higher degrees</span> without my <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="4">masters</span>
               <br/>I could use my <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-assonance="3">words</span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-assonance="2">urge</span> into <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="1">disasters</span>
               <br/>Niggas wanna know how my wheels keep on <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="6 7 8 9 10">spinning</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">And they see we <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-rhyme="5 7 8 9 10">getting</span> love <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">cause</span> they see the <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Pros</span> is <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="5 6 8 9 10">winning</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> we
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="5 6 7 9 10">giving</span> love back so they
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="5 6 7 8 10">peeping</span> how we <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="5 6 7 8 9">fitting</span>
               <br/>Ain't gonna have no <span class="motif" data-type="haters">sus nigga</span> stepping to <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="12 13 14">me</span>
               <br/>I like to keep my chakras open so respect my <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="11 13 14">G</span>
               <br/>I got <span class="motif" data-type="weed">the bush</span> going in, repping <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="11 12 14">FPT</span>
               <br/>So <span class="motif" data-type="haters">sus niggas</span> watch your back <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Pros</span>
                next to <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="11 12 13">me</span>
               <br/>I got <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Chuck</span> on the <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="17 18 20">team</span> to collect the <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="19 21">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="money">green</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>And show these <span class="motif" data-type="haters">suspect niggas</span> what it mean to <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="15 18 20">scheme</span>
               <br/>Another Apex predator crushing your <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="15 17 20">dreams</span>
               <br/>Gonna get your wig pushed back
                <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="16 21">between</span> my <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="15 17 18">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">cream</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Taking all you <span class="motif" data-type="haters">sus niggas</span> throw you out the <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="16 19">scene</span>
               <br/>I'm taking all you <span class="motif" data-type="haters">sus niggas</span> throw you out the
                    scene<br/>Taking all you <span class="motif" data-type="haters">sus niggas</span> throw you out the
                    scene<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
            Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">The P the R the O</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">Dette</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Never am I <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">vexed</span>, I'm always calm,
                cool, <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">collect</span>
               <br/>
            Unless you <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">disrespect</span>, I <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="7">wreck</span> you <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="8">verbally</span>
               <br/>
            So <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="5">expect</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="6">worst from me</span>, I beck you with my <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10">intellect</span>
               <br/>
            You best be <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="10"
                     data-rhyme="9"
                     data-slantrhyme="11">circumspect</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="10">check</span>, made you making all the
                wrong moves<br/>
            Do I <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="13 14 15">intimidate</span> you or more
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12 14 15">infuriate</span> you<br/>
            Cause I <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12 13 15">annihilate</span> all
                    who <span class="motif" data-type="money">participating for the gold</span>
               <br/>
            Lovers I <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="12 13 14">decapitate</span>
                    with everything I say, see<br/>
            Come <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="17">sneak</span> a <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">peek</span> and, tell me what you <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="19">peeping</span>
               <br/>
            Then struggle to say it ain't greatness that you <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="18">seeing</span>
               <br/>
            It is what here sits in the <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="22 23 24 25">midstof
                    us</span>, yeah it's quite <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="21 23 24 25">mysterious</span>
               <br/>
            No you're not <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="21 22 24 25">delirious</span>, I'm
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="21 22 23 25">serious</span> it's <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-rhyme="21 22 23 24">clear to us</span>
               <br/>
            Add some crystals <span class="motif" data-type="money">gonna see gold then platinum</span>
               <br/>
            Seen it on some tarots before, so I know how it is all gonna go
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-rhyme="27">down</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">Gotta</span> go more
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-rhyme="26">uptown</span>, more in the <span class="poetics" data-num="28" data-slantrhyme="29">cloud</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> didn't
                ya know by now, <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'm skyline <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="29"
                        data-rhyme="30"
                        data-slantrhyme="28">bound</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And my time's now, I don't graze <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="30"
                     data-rhyme="29"
                     data-slantrhyme="31">ground</span>, I'm new in your <span class="poetics" data-num="31" data-slantrhyme="30">town</span>
               <br/>
            So assume what you <span class="poetics" data-num="32" data-assonance="33">please</span> but you
                don't know <span class="poetics" data-num="33" data-assonance="32">me</span>
               <br/>
            Say what you please but you don't know <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">T'nah</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="women">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">The P the R the O</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-slantrhyme="2">Dette</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Never am I <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-slantrhyme="1">vexed</span>, I'm always calm,
                cool, <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">collect</span>
               <br/>Unless you <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">disrespect</span>, I <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-slantrhyme="7">wreck</span> you <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="8">verbally</span>
               <br/>So <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="5">expect</span> the <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-assimilation="6">worst from me</span>, I beck you with my <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="10">intellect</span>
               <br/>You best be <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="10"
                     data-rhyme="9"
                     data-slantrhyme="11">circumspect</span>
                <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-slantrhyme="10">check</span>, made you making all the
                wrong moves<br/>Do I <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-rhyme="13 14 15">intimidate</span> you or more
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="12 14 15">infuriate</span> you<br/>Cause I <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="12 13 15">annihilate</span> all
                    who <span class="motif" data-type="money">participating for the gold</span>
               <br/>Lovers I <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-rhyme="12 13 14">decapitate</span>
                    with everything I say, see<br/>Come <span class="poetics" data-num="16" data-rhyme="17">sneak</span> a <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">peek</span> and, tell me what you <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-rhyme="19">peeping</span>
               <br/>Then struggle to say it ain't greatness that you <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-rhyme="18">seeing</span>
               <br/>It is what here sits in the <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="22 23 24 25">midstof
                    us</span>, yeah it's quite <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="21 23 24 25">mysterious</span>
               <br/>No you're not <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="21 22 24 25">delirious</span>, I'm
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="21 22 23 25">serious</span> it's <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-rhyme="21 22 23 24">clear to us</span>
               <br/>Add some crystals <span class="motif" data-type="money">gonna see gold then platinum</span>
               <br/>Seen it on some tarots before, so I know how it is all gonna go
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-rhyme="27">down</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="contraction"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-word1="got"
                     data-word2="to">Gotta</span> go more
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-rhyme="26">uptown</span>, more in the <span class="poetics" data-num="28" data-slantrhyme="29">cloud</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">Cause</span> didn't
                ya know by now, <span class="motif" data-type="success">I'm skyline <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="29"
                        data-rhyme="30"
                        data-slantrhyme="28">bound</span>
               </span>
               <br/>And my time's now, I don't graze <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="30"
                     data-rhyme="29"
                     data-slantrhyme="31">ground</span>, I'm new in your <span class="poetics" data-num="31" data-slantrhyme="30">town</span>
               <br/>So assume what you <span class="poetics" data-num="32" data-assonance="33">please</span> but you
                don't know <span class="poetics" data-num="33" data-assonance="32">me</span>
               <br/>Say what you please but you don't know <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">T'nah</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
            Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Who that <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">mofo</span>
                    who came to <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">show</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">boat</span> just <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">cause</span> he <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">float</span> like no other</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Style <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="6">smooth as
                            <span class="motif" data-type="food">butter</span>
                  </span>
               </span> and slick like <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="5">lubricant rubbers</span>
               <br/>
            So going in on tracks ain't a real <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">test</span>,
                the real <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7" data-slantrhyme="9">quest</span>
               <br/>
            Is making real tracks with feelings, <span class="motif" data-type="haters">people ain't feel <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="8">yet</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Dessy</span> be that <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11">suspect</span> for <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10">subjects</span> for all the records</span>
               <br/>
            Set in for all the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="15">records</span>, I
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">spit</span> in a <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">split</span> of <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="12">seconds</span>
               <br/>
            So you can't <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-assonance="17 18"
                     data-slantrhyme="19">reckon</span> that I wasn't <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-assonance="16 18">checking</span> for beats <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-assonance="16 17">unpleasant</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">I eat up a track and hit your producer up for
                            <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="16">seconds</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Remember I'm the <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="21">face</span> so <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="20">lace</span> me in the line<br/>
            The bars that I could <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="23">line up</span> could
                probably bump the <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="22">fine up</span>
               <br/>
            Define what never can <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-slantrhyme="25">judge</span>, rap
                is in my <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-slantrhyme="24">blood</span>
               <br/>
            So much, my <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-rhyme="27 28">capularies</span> adapted a
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-rhyme="26 28">sanctuary</span>
               <br/>
            From the 5th of <span class="poetics" data-num="28" data-rhyme="26 27">January</span>, every
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="29"
                     data-rhyme="31 32 33 34"
                     data-slantrhyme="30">punchline</span>
                turned into <span class="poetics" data-num="30" data-slantrhyme="29">crunch time</span>
               <br/>
            Was cutting records more times than my <span class="motif" data-type="food">school's <span class="poetics" data-num="31" data-rhyme="29 32 33 34">lunch line</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            So if this <span class="poetics" data-num="32" data-rhyme="29 31 33 34">hits mine</span>, go ahead
                and pop your <span class="poetics" data-num="33" data-rhyme="29 31 32 34">wrist fine</span>
               <br/>
            Been spitting dirty, the vocals recording <span class="poetics" data-num="34" data-rhyme="29 31 32 33">spit shine</span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Who that <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2">mofo</span>
                    who came to <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1">show</span>
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="4">boat</span> just <span class="ling"
                        data-type="dropping"
                        data-field="phon"
                        data-sound="be"
                        data-position="initial">cause</span> he <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="3">float</span> like no other</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">Style <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-assimilation="6">smooth as
                            <span class="motif" data-type="food">butter</span>
                  </span>
               </span> and slick like <span class="poetics" data-num="6" data-assimilation="5">lubricant rubbers</span>
               <br/>So going in on tracks ain't a real <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-rhyme="8">test</span>,
                the real <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="7" data-slantrhyme="9">quest</span>
               <br/>Is making real tracks with feelings, <span class="motif" data-type="haters">people ain't feel <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-slantrhyme="8">yet</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">Dessy</span> be that <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11">suspect</span> for <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10">subjects</span> for all the records</span>
               <br/>Set in for all the <span class="poetics" data-num="12" data-slantrhyme="15">records</span>, I
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">spit</span> in a <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">split</span> of <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="12">seconds</span>
               <br/>So you can't <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-assonance="17 18"
                     data-slantrhyme="19">reckon</span> that I wasn't <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-assonance="16 18">checking</span> for beats <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-assonance="16 17">unpleasant</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="food">I eat up a track and hit your producer up for
                            <span class="poetics" data-num="19" data-slantrhyme="16">seconds</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>Remember I'm the <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="21">face</span> so <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="20">lace</span> me in the line<br/>The bars that I could <span class="poetics" data-num="22" data-rhyme="23">line up</span> could
                probably bump the <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-rhyme="22">fine up</span>
               <br/>Define what never can <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-slantrhyme="25">judge</span>, rap
                is in my <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-slantrhyme="24">blood</span>
               <br/>So much, my <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-rhyme="27 28">capularies</span> adapted a
                    <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-rhyme="26 28">sanctuary</span>
               <br/>From the 5th of <span class="poetics" data-num="28" data-rhyme="26 27">January</span>, every
                    <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="29"
                     data-rhyme="31 32 33 34"
                     data-slantrhyme="30">punchline</span>
                turned into <span class="poetics" data-num="30" data-slantrhyme="29">crunch time</span>
               <br/>Was cutting records more times than my <span class="motif" data-type="food">school's <span class="poetics" data-num="31" data-rhyme="29 32 33 34">lunch line</span>
               </span>
               <br/>So if this <span class="poetics" data-num="32" data-rhyme="29 31 33 34">hits mine</span>, go ahead
                and pop your <span class="poetics" data-num="33" data-rhyme="29 31 32 34">wrist fine</span>
               <br/>Been spitting dirty, the vocals recording <span class="poetics" data-num="34" data-rhyme="29 31 32 33">spit shine</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
            Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
            
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'Til</span> the day
                I <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">die</span>, I'll be <span class="motif" data-type="weed">puffing <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">lye</span>
               </span>, fuck the
                    world, fuck it <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">dry</span>
               <br/>
            Tell them government <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5">spies</span>
                I won't cover my <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4">eyes</span>
               <br/>
            Won't <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="6"
                     data-rhyme="8 9"
                     data-slantrhyme="7">cower</span>, won't move
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I
                don't move like a <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="6">coward</span>
               <br/>
            Knowledge is <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="6 9">power</span> and the
                            <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="6 8">flower</span> of
                        life is <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11">(s)ours</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            Get as <span class="motif" data-type="weed">high</span> as <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10">ours</span>, maybe
                you could see the <span class="poetics" data-num="12">towers</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">Scour</span> your dirty mind and
                    maybe you unleash the <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">power</span>
               <br/>
            We all got the potential in our <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="16">body and
                    soul</span>, <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-rhyme="17"
                     data-slantrhyme="15">probably you
                    know</span>
               <br/>
            I found mines right through the pencil, <span class="motif" data-type="success">started <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">bodying
                    flows</span>
               </span> but fuck that<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">This be the <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="19">preview</span>
                    of <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="19"
                        data-alliteration="18"
                        data-rhyme="20 21 22 24">primeval</span> hip-hop <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19 21 22 24">retrieval</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="guns">I hold <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="19 20 22 24">illegal</span>
               </span>
                like them coppers hold <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="22"
                     data-assonance="23"
                     data-rhyme="19 20 21 24">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="haters">weasels</span>
               </span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-assonance="22">squeal</span>
               <br/>
            This one for <span class="motif" data-type="success">my <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="19 20 21 22">people</span>, headed to the top</span>, no
                redo<br/>
            Thinking up <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-rhyme="26">evil</span> but see no
                    evil just be <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-rhyme="25">knievel</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I ain't ask to be this good, they just made me <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-rhyme="28 29 30">better</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            They told me <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">cheese</span>
               </span> at the cams and they
                made me <span class="poetics" data-num="28" data-rhyme="27 29 30">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">cheddar</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>
            And the <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">green</span>
               </span> only made me <span class="poetics" data-num="29" data-rhyme="27 28 30">clever</span>
               <br/>
            See God made <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">three Bigs</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">two Pacs</span>, but he only made one <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="30"
                     data-rhyme="27 28 29"
                     data-slantrhyme="31">error</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">The <span class="poetics" data-num="31" data-slantrhyme="30">Era</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <br/>
                <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="un"
                     data-position="initial">'Til</span> the day
                I <span class="poetics" data-num="1" data-rhyme="2 3">die</span>, I'll be <span class="motif" data-type="weed">puffing <span class="poetics" data-num="2" data-rhyme="1 3">lye</span>
               </span>, fuck the
                    world, fuck it <span class="poetics" data-num="3" data-rhyme="1 2">dry</span>
               <br/>Tell them government <span class="poetics" data-num="4" data-rhyme="5">spies</span>
                I won't cover my <span class="poetics" data-num="5" data-rhyme="4">eyes</span>
               <br/>Won't <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="6"
                     data-rhyme="8 9"
                     data-slantrhyme="7">cower</span>, won't move
                    <span class="ling"
                     data-type="dropping"
                     data-field="phon"
                     data-sound="be"
                     data-position="initial">cause</span> I
                don't move like a <span class="poetics" data-num="7" data-slantrhyme="6">coward</span>
               <br/>Knowledge is <span class="poetics" data-num="8" data-rhyme="6 9">power</span> and the
                            <span class="motif" data-type="weed">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="9" data-rhyme="6 8">flower</span> of
                        life is <span class="poetics" data-num="10" data-rhyme="11">(s)ours</span>
               </span>
               <br/>Get as <span class="motif" data-type="weed">high</span> as <span class="poetics" data-num="11" data-rhyme="10">ours</span>, maybe
                you could see the <span class="poetics" data-num="12">towers</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="poetics" data-num="13" data-rhyme="14">Scour</span> your dirty mind and
                    maybe you unleash the <span class="poetics" data-num="14" data-rhyme="13">power</span>
               <br/>We all got the potential in our <span class="poetics" data-num="15" data-slantrhyme="16">body and
                    soul</span>, <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="16"
                     data-rhyme="17"
                     data-slantrhyme="15">probably you
                    know</span>
               <br/>I found mines right through the pencil, <span class="motif" data-type="success">started <span class="poetics" data-num="17" data-rhyme="16">bodying
                    flows</span>
               </span> but fuck that<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="oldschool">This be the <span class="poetics" data-num="18" data-alliteration="19">preview</span>
                    of <span class="poetics"
                        data-num="19"
                        data-alliteration="18"
                        data-rhyme="20 21 22 24">primeval</span> hip-hop <span class="poetics" data-num="20" data-rhyme="19 21 22 24">retrieval</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="guns">I hold <span class="poetics" data-num="21" data-rhyme="19 20 22 24">illegal</span>
               </span>
                like them coppers hold <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="22"
                     data-assonance="23"
                     data-rhyme="19 20 21 24">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="haters">weasels</span>
               </span> to <span class="poetics" data-num="23" data-assonance="22">squeal</span>
               <br/>This one for <span class="motif" data-type="success">my <span class="poetics" data-num="24" data-rhyme="19 20 21 22">people</span>, headed to the top</span>, no
                redo<br/>Thinking up <span class="poetics" data-num="25" data-rhyme="26">evil</span> but see no
                    evil just be <span class="motif" data-type="popculture">
                  <span class="poetics" data-num="26" data-rhyme="25">knievel</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I ain't ask to be this good, they just made me <span class="poetics" data-num="27" data-rhyme="28 29 30">better</span>
               </span>
               <br/>They told me <span class="motif" data-type="food">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">cheese</span>
               </span> at the cams and they
                made me <span class="poetics" data-num="28" data-rhyme="27 29 30">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="food">cheddar</span>
                  </span>
               </span>
               <br/>And the <span class="motif" data-type="money">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="weed">green</span>
               </span> only made me <span class="poetics" data-num="29" data-rhyme="27 28 30">clever</span>
               <br/>See God made <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">
                  <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">
                     <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">three Bigs</span>
                  </span>
               </span>, <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">two Pacs</span>, but he only made one <span class="poetics"
                     data-num="30"
                     data-rhyme="27 28 29"
                     data-slantrhyme="31">error</span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="hiphop">The <span class="poetics" data-num="31" data-slantrhyme="30">Era</span>
               </span>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
            Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>
            You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>
            Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>Said <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="haters">Suspect niggas</span> don't come outside<br/>You might get your wig pushed back tonight<br/>
               <span class="motif" data-type="success">I deserve my respect</span>
               <br/>Brains don't matter if your wig get split
                on some third eye shit<br/>
            </p>
         </div>
      </div>
   </body>
</html>
